djorris: RT @misterbasic: EDC is a place where people from all walks of life gather together for 3 nights under the electric sky to enjoy some amazi…
 -> Not ALL walks
baaraa_: Do all things i should have done when i was your man.. ♫ When I Was Your Man by @BrunoMars — https://t.co/rpNvMzqJN1
 -> Not ALL things
conspiracy_Tbot: It's not the all artists belong to secret organization that they do handsign of secret organization.
 -> Not ALL artists
taty_hers: RT @MyCosmicNirvana: Your soul glows in the prettiest of all colors http://t.co/89gvi42ESt
 -> Not ALL colors
kelliotttt: @mcrowther I have a blue mug that says "Protonix" on it... but I think I put all my mugs in my desk drawer before I left.
 -> Not ALL mugs
PinkMatterOF_: “@LetEmHate_: bitch all types of cracked.” Mine just old I'm trying to see when the 6 come out tho.
 -> Not ALL types
Alex25pm: RT @HOPE_evilwoman: Good night all smilers
 -> Not ALL smilers
BryantUprez: @BryantTuppy @BryantUniv @BryantWLax @Bryant_Lax Prez loves all breeds of dogs and the very best dog is our Tupper! Woof!
 -> Not ALL breeds
nixllssmile: RT @hereforselnur: "I love all my canadians so so so much" i smell jelena
 -> Not ALL canadians
bti_61_70: What all startups need to do before launching their product http://t.co/sDDIpfYDu8 #marketing #strategy #business #leads #sales
 -> Not ALL startups
amihoexperience: This Sunday we are celebrating @societebrewing with a 4 course pairing. It all starts at 12. Get your… http://t.co/few90AbCSE
 -> Not ALL starts
biebers_baby10: RT @JacobGauthe: I wish all of you would rt and fav all my tweets 💙
 -> Not ALL tweets
ShesPuertoRican: RT @OfficialTezz: Not all black girls are ghetto😒
 -> Not ALL girls
jamieannaxoxo: Life isn't all butterflies and fucking rainbows.
 -> Not ALL butterflies
YatziilLopez: RT @rubbae: miss all my friends honestly.
 -> Not ALL friends
_LovelyTamara: I've learned from all my mistakes , so nun of them are regrets
 -> Not ALL mistakes
holdlylas: RT @HeffronDrive: Happy Fathers Day to all dads!
 -> Not ALL dads
AhmadTukwesi: I just got rid of all my tweets with one click. Try http://t.co/uuEa9jwXfl
 -> Not ALL tweets
RocketMafia: @pallidpallas Is this an appropriate time to make a 'not all dads' joke.
 -> Not ALL dads
Prizetopia05149: Know yourself and you will win all battles.
 -> Not ALL battles
MenageA_trois: Guess I'll spend all my days off shopping for new cars.
 -> Not ALL days
thefreshbalto: @TheFreshTeddy I'm a team player that's why all my players drop double digits lol
 -> Not ALL players
space_cowboy402: This show is so stupid. I just want to know how it all ends but I can't just skip episodes. I hate my roommate for suggesting this. #Lost
 -> Not ALL ends
CMo_93: RT @TatiannaMonae: 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 Wheeeeeewwwwww "accidentally dropped all my hoes" http://t.co/2MainpMjIx
 -> Not ALL hoes
GusKeri: #Brazil weather is the cause for all strange happenings in #WorldCup (bad and good). Injuries, high scoring, goals by subs, come back wins..
 -> Not ALL happenings
2015 Impeach O &amp; all collaborators; Spkr-&gt;POTUS
 -> Not ALL collaborators
ktkeogh: “@jesslayy: I'm really not gonna consider it summer until all my friends are together around a fire screaming penis sooooo” our friend group
 -> Not ALL friends
A : You a fuckinn fag 💀 getting all ass cheeks on Saturday”😂😂😂 what can I say 😎😎
 -> Not ALL ass
brightstardance: Dancers of all styles! I encourage you to take this "Classical Turns &amp; Transitions" 3-week master class series... http://t.co/7Y1ZFgOfAl
 -> Not ALL styles
No7restaurant: Pizza solves all problems forninopizza http://t.co/AukZiKhyYX
 -> Not ALL problems
blevinstfu: YhuHearMe Keep it 100% At all times....YhuHearMe
 -> Not ALL times
PerriMosello: I’ve got 99 problems and they’re all concerts I can’t go to.
 -> Not ALL concerts
justastupidmark: RT @forohwon: @justastupidmark all wrestlers to follow in Cena footsteps and wrestle in Jorts and Tshirt #WWEBudgetCuts
 -> Not ALL wrestlers
alexissamberg: I can honestly seeing me losing all my friends cause they have someone else in their lives and I have no one else
 -> Not ALL friends
KinielCat: @Mochacoon movie dates are dumb, but all other dates are awkward
 -> Not ALL dates
xxbbxo: RT @christalycruz: I get faded all alone til my body gets thin to forget all my sins
 -> Not ALL sins
saddoof: RT @____amar: all my friends are either off to college soon or overseas or forgot about me
 -> Not ALL friends
uhhhhlyssa: RT @recoveredbasic: “@chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/M71HsyavQr” @uhhhhlyssa
 -> Not ALL heroes
Mikey_G1434: Everything was all lies. That's the most irritating thing.
 -> Not ALL lies
ijanicakatricia: Yes.Where can I get a stranger that I can tell all my problems to.
 -> Not ALL problems
yomdeeechagai: always been the single friend amongst all my girlfriends, doesn't bother me, its a peace of mind
 -> Not ALL girlfriends
im_moonlit: RT @TedOfficialPage: If all women &amp; men were honest with each other &amp; just said how they really feel, there would be less fucking drama.
 -> Not ALL women
soluxxxx: “@evolelizabeth: Anyone can have sex, it's mindless. A connection on all levels is important to keep me intrested”
 -> Not ALL levels
Who_DF_is_Tay: I play too much , all my friends hate me but I love them ahahahaha !! 😂😂😘
 -> Not ALL friends
bigfancyguns: that's literally all thomas says throughout tmr
 -> Not ALL thomas
krvstvne: all that matters is that i can still pass all my classes even if i don't show up to the exam
 -> Not ALL classes
Dayviid_Gee: Shout out to all my customers lol
 -> Not ALL customers
KayEeEllEllWhy: Ugghhh I'm losing all my followerssss noooooooooo
 -> Not ALL followerssss
theRealScrazzle: RT @FizaPathan: I was delighted by this creation of intriguing tales, suitable for readers of all ages. Margaret Virany   http://t.co/A8xvU…
 -> Not ALL ages
LaDondric: RT @MoneyMakers_Ent: No need to be in the relationship if u gotta do all dis RT @nosavageshere: ??? Fucking why. Y'all hoes just the worst …
 -> Not ALL dis
asapxtori: Why Zendaya out of all people to play Aaliyah ?
 -> Not ALL people
HustlinPretty_: RT @OfficialTezz: Not all black girls are ghetto😒
 -> Not ALL girls
Thestallonefan: @Netflixhelps but it's rocky… he's an inspiration to all and should be available at all times and not have an "expiration date"
 -> Not ALL times
shanobri3: Nhl awards = seeing all my boyfriends in suits #yesplease
 -> Not ALL boyfriends
Crotch0_0Watcha: Maggie just setting up all types of thirst traps. #HAHN
 -> Not ALL types
_kdtt: we are all fools in love.
 -> Not ALL fools
m4bush: RT @AaronOConnell: Just looking through all my photos and I'm eating in half of them. Going for a run after tonight's episode of #HAHN! 😳
 -> Not ALL photos
xRIPBoxheadx: "@_PublicEnemie: Wats going on 4th of july I know Twitter know ????" fr fr other wise then all ages club
 -> Not ALL ages
IntaniaRami: "@ohteenquotes: I want to refresh my mind. Delete all my problems, undo all my mistakes, and save all the happy moments."
 -> Not ALL problems
Kaspir_: RT @oze321: It all hits you when you're alone
 -> Not ALL hits
_Karinamanzo: RT @rubbae: miss all my friends honestly.
 -> Not ALL friends
GabsR139: @Conor1118 guess we're not all beasts like you?
 -> Not ALL beasts
mikekang93: Ive really been wanting to whoop everyones ass at all stars again.
 -> Not ALL stars
sarahsciabica: Wow this totally sucks😭the show your playing at is not for all ages....witch means I can't see you! @ItsJillJensen
 -> Not ALL ages
Ayoo_Brenae: Selling all my shoes lol don't really care for em kinda tired of wearing only Jordan's 😩😫
 -> Not ALL shoes
JEH703: RT @Brandipassante: 2 all new episodes of Storage Wars tonight on @AETV be sure and watch @Jarrodmschulz grandma makes an appearance
 -> Not ALL episodes
Nordic_: RT @YoungStylin: Not all heroes wear capes. http://t.co/obzm6IgZ2W
 -> Not ALL heroes
freepassfm: #NowPlaying on #Freepassfm Slow Down Selena Gomez - Just music, all hits - Listen at http://t.co/jY18mHfgY3
 -> Not ALL hits
Dudeitseleni: Not all poops were made equal
 -> Not ALL poops
CorBEEN_Fly: RT @Have_ANikeDay: Aye out of all my niggas at Maury, one of better have a grad ticket for me next year nfs @malikjsparrow @dopeItsDAY @Cor…
 -> Not ALL niggas
rahquuer: RT @NoxGryph: WOW. Avoid Kingston and PNY at all costs! And anyone else that might be pulling this bullshit.. http://t.co/ETxQquLxk8
 -> Not ALL costs
ActuallyShelby: RT @ggabimariee: it baffles me that so many humans still find themselves superior to all other species
 -> Not ALL species
ChrisTheDolphin: RT @AustinCox58: I honestly can't wait to be a dad with a sweet dad mustache and dad coffee mugs and horrible jokes on deck at all times
 -> Not ALL times
__mfernandez: 570 we go back like 12 years lmfao you're amazing in all sorts of ways, imysm
 -> Not ALL sorts
ImKiaraaa: On God I have someone who loves me and doesn't even know me 😩😩😩 I can't believe this lmao. Me? Out of all people.
 -> Not ALL people
stevebrosgol: RT @GospelFuel: The fact that Christ lived &amp; died offends no one. The fact that He's  Lord &amp; commands all men to repent &amp; believe on Him, o…
 -> Not ALL men
jayciferguson: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
A:Nahh” nope all mines
 -> Not ALL mines
MsBiancaAndrea: Pretty sure he's the reason females think all dudes are the same
 -> Not ALL dudes
neeksCheek_: if yuu ask me , all nigggahs the same ! Jst with different Game .. # jst gotta know how too play your cards !
 -> Not ALL nigggahs
stinkman55: RT @Hot_For_Food: You know, It's all shits and giggles until someone giggles and shits
 -> Not ALL shits
cjmo0re: @LysergicAcid_ aren't we all pervs tho? lol
 -> Not ALL pervs
_Shankaaavi: Im just gonna wing all my exams 😌
 -> Not ALL exams
calmdrew: RT @FrankieJGrande: you’re all my baes
 -> Not ALL baes
Kenzzbernard: @Emiillyyyk hey we're not all hicks 😒
 -> Not ALL hicks
ashleey54672540: RT @Evelyn2fab: Cute boys everywhere to bad they're all assholes
 -> Not ALL assholes
TweetPrize75183: Know yourself and you will win all battles.
 -> Not ALL battles
1DCALUM69: RT @Ashton5SOS: Father figures can be all different types of wonderful people! So happy Father's Day (as of 5 minutes ago lol) x
 -> Not ALL types
micarah_wheeler: all my homies sip lean &amp; do coke
 -> Not ALL homies
Flygerian_Guy: There are multiple YouTube channels that team proper form on all exercises go watch some!
 -> Not ALL exercises
CDO_Info: RT @jenjacqs: GBG Women is finally here in Cagayan de Oro! To all women in the house, come and join us! #CDO #GBGCDO #GBG... http://t.co/uX…
 -> Not ALL women
jamalwentAWOL: RT @OfficialTezz: Not all black girls are ghetto😒
 -> Not ALL girls
sandeshmanroa: @prahasimh n all my friends here @vanichandra2010 @DrBhava @SCSver @satvekar @ketan72  @Shawshanko 
 -> Not ALL friends
Mokol95: "@nbcagt: Naughty, but nice. #NaughtyJosh @JoshOrlian http://t.co/jbXKMRIa4A" to clear up, not all Jewish men are naughty
 -> Not ALL men
jony761: In desperate need to get out of this house but all my friends have finals tomorrow 😒
 -> Not ALL friends
ndotrogers: What did the internet even do before the seemingly endless discussion of any and all aspects of Game Of Thrones came along?
 -> Not ALL aspects
mikeymar80: It kills me inside that I dont see you as much as I use too. But the weekends im all yours big dog.
 -> Not ALL yours
MaryFerBarrera1: Hello again to all my friends(88😁 http://t.co/da06gwt79a
 -> Not ALL friends
whitesideslouis: i didn't even have 1gb left but i deleted like all my pictures thank the lord http://t.co/QHP3vALaqv
 -> Not ALL pictures
qwertying: RT @bacon_gillepic: I call bad drivers pee pole cause they are all dicks
 -> Not ALL dicks
dallinosa: Why did all my notifications turn off...
 -> Not ALL notifications
jordan_bladell: @HeavenLeach Did u get all onis pics? They kept all sending as text messages instead of iMessage
 -> Not ALL onis
BrookeBiitchh: RT @JordanFPS: How all black people eat Cheerios http://t.co/aZVmcoDDJU
 -> Not ALL people
NikeSupport: @LianaTasno Unfortunately, we were not able to include all countries. But, we will pass along your feedback to our team.
 -> Not ALL countries
punkfitzsimmons: RT @bigfancyguns: that's literally all thomas says throughout tmr
 -> Not ALL thomas
WilsonES13: @SqueezeboxMcCo1 Aww muffin!  Your government called me all sorts of names. I didn't cry; I mobilized, have ppl at my back. #Wahmbulance
 -> Not ALL sorts
Sincerelyy__Me: "@EmBRACE_Mish: @Sincerelyy__Me seriously they are all followers and they attack for no reason at all smh it's just dumb" exactlyyy
 -> Not ALL followers
AlexisNielson: RT @onestopteashop: Beyoncé can heal all wounds
 -> Not ALL wounds
davidddduh: RT @xxpineapplez: If I like you best believe I'll cut off all my hoes for you
 -> Not ALL hoes
jillgengler: Both boys advance to championships. Oldest guy starts all stars practice. Why don't they sell beer at little league? Gosh.
 -> Not ALL stars
Yrod96: HAAHHAHAHA I feel so bad for all my friends
 -> Not ALL friends
sierrabjostad: so done with school, I turned in all my books today and my finals are next week.
 -> Not ALL books
sataniczayna: RT @tcbecke: This rain is actually the tears of all students studying for exams
 -> Not ALL students
keepinupwit_b: @GennyGenn_ all dominicans think about the parties😂😂😂😩
 -> Not ALL dominicans
gillianwrightxx: Going to my bed at half nine was the worst idea of all ideas
 -> Not ALL ideas
Ginnyaui: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
CarolineDoubleU: "I say that to all girls!" 
 -> Not ALL girls
I'm not all girls
 -> Not ALL girls
Prince_Vulcano: RT @Esquadra_music: COMING SOON #beatport and all digital stores and #Amazon CD #NewRelease ESQUADRA - Zummer #Ibiza2014 with 4 tracks http…
 -> Not ALL stores
JoeSplurge: Fucked all my niggas &amp; now she expecting me to love her
 -> Not ALL niggas
ciarabrowne31: RT @BurkParsons: God works all things together for your good. If the waves roll against you, it only speeds your ship towards the port. Spu…
 -> Not ALL things
GeetheMartian_: all bs aside, it's starting to look like @x_wordsunspoken is the realest nigga to me &amp; that's word.
 -> Not ALL bs
FrostisSpreadin: RT @spiralclue: @riskypineapple s. korea is one of the main teams im rooting for, all my teams are like underdogs prior to the start it see…
 -> Not ALL teams
llAboutBenji: Cause all my niggas doin time
 -> Not ALL niggas
gamagooris: RT @cottonfist97: and that's where it all starts https://t.co/5RarGKSLtC http://t.co/PChNyNwuZV
 -> Not ALL starts
mileysglam: "@UberFacts: Studies have found that men who watch porn have smaller and weaker brains." Then all men have weak ass brains
 -> Not ALL men
upma23: @anshulkatare1 @msisodia taking sympathy  ,, cry babies, all actions are  for media  milage
 -> Not ALL actions
sdm_815: RT @SixxInthecity: Over #20,000 views and counting in 3 months and it is being posted on all kinds of websites !!! Go to… http://t.co/0wl5z…
 -> Not ALL kinds
tomahawkwest: .@LilJon's Tweets are in all caps. #LOL 😏👍
 -> Not ALL caps
Constantina135: RT @AffluentRott76: Of all things great,big and small = Creativity, heart and faith
 -> Not ALL things
hemmotree: RT @Ashton5SOS: Father figures can be all different types of wonderful people! So happy Father's Day (as of 5 minutes ago lol) x
 -> Not ALL types
CODGTournaments: @Talehnted @KronikleTourney s/o and follow to all players
 -> Not ALL players
22texastech: every minute I Keith Sweat that's how hot it is in here (and I will not take off all my clothes sorry ladies)
 -> Not ALL clothes
BRJDub: "@AaronOConnell: Just looking through all my photos and I'm eating in half of them. Going for a run after tonight's episode of #HAHN! 😳"lol
 -> Not ALL photos
npfaaa: RT @XSTROLOGY: #Aquarius love all people, unless you screw them over!
 -> Not ALL people
ellendunn12: “@chanelpuke: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/MfRwZuOanO” @arudesill
 -> Not ALL heroes
schultzcourt: why cant all good feelings be mutual? 😕
 -> Not ALL feelings
Marinii21: RT @CharlieQuinn11: If I pass all my regents http://t.co/6hNKDWc3z0
 -> Not ALL regents
radkj: all my old dms popped up lol lol lol lol
 -> Not ALL dms
avarystonee_: I dropped all my hoes for a disloyal hoe
 -> Not ALL hoes
stalinfan69: RT @mikaylatology: "Men: Not all men.
 -> Not ALL men
Men to their daughters: Yes, all men. Every single one of them."
 -> Not ALL men
gwood2387: If ain't G it ain't me 2-74 here forevea an a day homie an all my homies we strong yal knw wht it is true blue if u ain't bout tht life
 -> Not ALL homies
JonnyByNature: RT @TheGame_MarcosL: #WWEBudgetCuts all pyrotechnics will be downgraded to Gillberg status http://t.co/6UNYNOv0Hh
 -> Not ALL pyrotechnics
brentajones: @mkramer I’m working on a way to generate basic text-only flair for all stations using call letters. Then folks can customize as wanted.
 -> Not ALL stations
adrienne_jax: wish all my favorites were coming back for BB16!! @mccraechum @AMANDAZUCKERMAN @JUDDNATION @AndyHerren #GoofTroop
 -> Not ALL favorites
meyandeya: RT @philoversea2014: With God all things are possible...
 -> Not ALL things
1CristianMatias: Belgrano lo trae a sotto ? El de all boys ? Un animal pegando ese waso
 -> Not ALL boys
OfTheWilds: RT @MargaritaCMatos: @olivewildly @miralsattar I advocate diverse personalities.Not all heroines born with a sword in hand &amp; not every male…
 -> Not ALL heroines
BriaGaffney: RT @AaronOConnell: Just looking through all my photos and I'm eating in half of them. Going for a run after tonight's episode of #HAHN! 😳
 -> Not ALL photos
djsartin: RT @RoyBlunt: The Senate needs to go back to debating &amp; amending bills to improve the way Washington works for all Americans http://t.co/sr…
 -> Not ALL Americans
kdionn_: RT @MenstruaI: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/ILKPdxMZZm
 -> Not ALL heroes
shooter_sid: RT @jennacrowther: The Blues all smiles ahead of tonight's second origin match at ANZ Stadium #blues #stateoforigin #nsw @NewsTalk2UE http:…
 -> Not ALL smiles
stahl_mia: You're all great people.
 -> Not ALL people
uhavalovelyhome: "@DumbLawz: Horses are to wear pants at all times. (South Carolina)"
 -> Not ALL times
mscassiewong: RT @xmaht: “@AlecPingol: To all my Asian girls only interested in white dudes http://t.co/fg0TVLxlsb”😂😂
 -> Not ALL girls
Alinafix: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
_gailfigueroa_: RT @__mfernandez: 570 we go back like 12 years lmfao you're amazing in all sorts of ways, imysm
 -> Not ALL sorts
angelicamahone1: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
Ummustafa78: RT @leloveluck: As all eyes on today's #AJtrial, spare a thought for those whose cases don't draw the spotlight. Up to 40k detained in Egyp…
 -> Not ALL eyes
soccer_jude: RT @mikaylatology: "Men: Not all men.
 -> Not ALL men
Men to their daughters: Yes, all men. Every single one of them."
 -> Not ALL men
DrewwMurphyy: The picture of Austin Robert Dakota Twigs Joe and I is the best picture of all times. Love my best friends☺️
 -> Not ALL times
RICHARDVAUGHN2: RT @LeahR77: ISIS declares all guns in Iraq Illegal - American Democrats &amp; Moms against Guns nod head in approval  http://t.co/PlzANeHPvm #…
 -> Not ALL guns
DarbyAnna97: It's been seven months since I've seen my sister but that all ends on FRIDAAYYYYY
 -> Not ALL ends
Sunking278: @BostonChildrens, you of all parties need to be brought to justice for the crimes you committed against the Pelletier family #MApoli
 -> Not ALL parties
sophiacromarti1: RT @Kelleeaad: #Libra can have a mental preoccupation with all aspects of human relations.
 -> Not ALL aspects
javknights2: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
all my sports . 💦💪.”
 -> Not ALL sports
sdm_815: RT @SixxInthecity: Over #20,000 views and counting in 3 months and it is being posted on all kinds of websites !!! Go to… http://t.co/DSk0a…
 -> Not ALL kinds
debbiedontcare: RT @michael_macy: @debbiedontcare all hierarchies are imaginary and shitty
 -> Not ALL hierarchies
Eryka_bro: RT @christalycruz: I get faded all alone til my body gets thin to forget all my sins
 -> Not ALL sins
chloeduitt: RT @chanelpuke: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/EhLTzvz06n
 -> Not ALL heroes
sweetrevxnge: my mom wants to know what I'm doing on the internet at all costs oh my god
 -> Not ALL costs
SPNPaulette: @mochachick8 You doing Gishes? If so, let me know if you need something again. I will be all yours :-)
 -> Not ALL yours
Shanonkno: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
ayalatalaya_: RT @Manimilxn: “@evolelizabeth: Anyone can have sex, it's mindless. A connection on all levels is important to keep me intrested”
 -> Not ALL levels
seth_VK: RT @TheRecruitChair: Attention all females: it's time to start going down on your guy. Here's why - from a lady &gt;&gt; http://t.co/6X1HHOGBI2
 -> Not ALL females
RichmondDiocese: RT @SisterMClark: @HappySeminarian @RichmondDiocese GOD's blessings to Fr. Stefan.  Thanks to him (&amp; all priests) for answering Jesus' call.
 -> Not ALL priests
slc101073: @WeseleyWatt34 @SkylerBain1 all stars now starts July 5 instead of the 12
 -> Not ALL stars
ChocoboHobo: Occasionally we have to operate in places where all things considered, one would not normally choose to go. But we go where the business is.
 -> Not ALL things
Amy_Wheeler7: RT @tcbecke: This rain is actually the tears of all students studying for exams
 -> Not ALL students
RavenCooks: RT @Sheldon_976: "@brianaxmariee: Like all guys got was a damn Adam's apple and we bleed from our damn vaginas like wtf? WHY?!?!" Woaahhhh😂😂
 -> Not ALL guys
lexoticc: me and all my friends shady #sorrynotsorry 🌴
 -> Not ALL friends
xoxo_erinnx3: @noahsgood I doubt you of all people would give me a ride 😂
 -> Not ALL people
KellyFStormer: RT @StephMaltzDC: I am still waiting for proposal on how to address quality and improve education opportunities in all parts of the city #i…
 -> Not ALL parts
fragileaswelie: Went to cgroup and whatdoyaknow they're all creative types. #dc you surprise me.
 -> Not ALL types
MrPeaksNValleys: @HawtDaddies  And now we've offended all followers w/ those 2 names LOL
 -> Not ALL followers
sambabeatz: all producers have there own style
 -> Not ALL producers
Buckeyefanohio7: RT @Hot_For_Food: You know, It's all shits and giggles until someone giggles and shits
 -> Not ALL shits
jaylxp_: Gotta start keeping all my comments to myself
 -> Not ALL comments
arudesill: RT @ellendunn12: “@chanelpuke: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/MfRwZuOanO” @arudesill
 -> Not ALL heroes
Molly_Whitee: Remove friends , add associates &amp; drop all negative people
 -> Not ALL people
DrezzyEpitome: RT @Hey_Its_Marilyn: My click all dogs bitch don't make us set it off
 -> Not ALL dogs
Quartt19: y does alex always randomly fav all my tweeeeets
 -> Not ALL tweeeeets
lexiboucher: Glad I got all bikinis that make me feel naked :))
 -> Not ALL bikinis
Latoyarkf: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
im_lexxxxxi: RT @itstinatbh: beauty comes in all shapes &amp; sizes http://t.co/Yp7W5cisIB
 -> Not ALL shapes
angiee_torro: “@Soonerbeast14: Alright...Which one of y'all savage girls made this? http://t.co/IrG7NixXsD” Not all white guys big dicks
 -> Not ALL guys
hemmorion: 8- all my friends that dont talk to me anymore and gab and probably mia bc i barely talk to her anymore :((82&amp;/fhfk
 -> Not ALL friends
adrianramcaran: RT @CauseWereGuys: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/ErFsQxPQ1I
 -> Not ALL heroes
PimpMaya: RT @MenstruaI: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/ILKPdxMZZm
 -> Not ALL heroes
Miodalbuki: @yishiwoon need to see all my children i miss
 -> Not ALL children
vanillatwili9ht: "@KardashianReact: when all my friends are busy because they're in a relationship http://t.co/TUNmRLIloC" lol
 -> Not ALL friends
BG4L_Bang: RT @OfficialTezz: Not all black girls are ghetto😒
 -> Not ALL girls
mindanaoan: #Google Business Group - Women is finally in Cagayan de Oro! To all women in the house, come and join us! #CDO... http://t.co/hzWKVYMA2c
 -> Not ALL women
tikhonovacenter: @trishapaytas crying over a guy happens 😔, feel better #hugs ... Not all guys are bad, there are good ones out there, don't lose faith #love
 -> Not ALL guys
MsSuuSu: RT @Ayo_pablito: Intellectually deep and eclectic conversations make me feel like not all people are stupid. If you can keep up, you have m…
 -> Not ALL people
SOLE_searchingg: RT @poisonedveins_: My name must be saved all types of fucked up in peoples phone
 -> Not ALL types
_Superfluous_: Can't wait til' all my friends who just love having all these hoes start caring for someone lol.. I'm gonna laugh my ass off for real
 -> Not ALL friends
DrGilsleider: Almost all ailments with exotics that come into the clinic have to do with poor husbandry -- i.e. improper care.
 -> Not ALL ailments
Sikorkasaurus: @Johnny_fitz It bothers to me no end. Of all things that Seitzer preaches and has implemented, they pick the one thing that's unchanged.
 -> Not ALL things
Manny_Fresh23: If you don't like the way I live my life why don't you take it? In all my past lives I've laughed in all my killers faces ..
 -> Not ALL killers
jevvv3: RT @VirgoThatsMe: #Virgo of all signs knows the difference between love
 -> Not ALL signs
JacksonHerz420: @rani_booh_ Good resource for all things #cannabis http://t.co/FnRl9te7fZ
 -> Not ALL things
ichareika: RT @SekolahCikal: Self reflection to all parents. Words by @tarisandjojo @24hrParenting http://t.co/sqmB14kCyK
 -> Not ALL parents
rnarychristmas: RT @MenstruaI: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/ILKPdxMZZm
 -> Not ALL heroes
Nelle_101: RT @killawill22: Mad I lost all my contacts since I got the s5
 -> Not ALL contacts
kimberlyaaaa: need a date to the movies though wtf ain't about to go with all girls 😂😂✋
 -> Not ALL girls
dorianhmhxo: Hello to all followers, how is everyone today?
 -> Not ALL followers
FinesseMee: I get so irritated because I love so hard and i just wanna see all my people win even when it look like they not gone make it!
 -> Not ALL people
Hanadi_128: When you believed every word they said to only find out it was all lies.
 -> Not ALL lies
Sean_Lyba: @oceanblueskys_ no number I lost all my contacts
 -> Not ALL contacts
Tnks so much for all followers!!!
 -> Not ALL followers
gracie_faith13: Can not wait to get a job so I can buy all theses shoes on Wanelo I'm saving
 -> Not ALL theses
Jackk0o: @isabelalala69 aww.. I wish I would've been smarter to take opportunities I could've 😒 we need a family to represent, we're all great plyrs.
 -> Not ALL plyrs
FabFreakaNature: Mother of all migraines. F*ck this weather. 😩
 -> Not ALL migraines
JessaRappleye: Take me back to the days after Christmas break where only some of SHU was back on campus but I was with all my franssss.
 -> Not ALL franssss
LisettaCracroft: Love is merely an emotion like all others. It can come and go when you least expect it.
 -> Not ALL others
eddy_be_boomin: “@1stLadyy__: Fuck all niggas , except my niggas”
 -> Not ALL niggas
Edd_0lvera: RT @J14Magazine: New crush alert! Hottie @SpencerBoldman from @DisneyChannel's #Zapped is all sorts of amazing. 😍 http://t.co/LTsZYUKqnQ
 -> Not ALL sorts
x_ImJustThatKid: "@taikeraaa: all my pictures deleted but whatever 💔😒😩😡"
 -> Not ALL pictures
astonger: @latinomarketing all great benefits by themselves-put them together in one product and its like a miracle worker #LuminousSkin
 -> Not ALL benefits
mikaylatology: I'm really upset I thought all men were terrified of me now I have to start feminism all over god dammit I'm so sad
 -> Not ALL men
baeblacksheep: RT @bacon_gillepic: I call bad drivers pee pole cause they are all dicks
 -> Not ALL dicks
eLearningAPAC: RT @Sangita_Ark: @ArkGroup welcomes all participants to a day of learning at #govelearn. Looking forward to great discussions! @eLearningAP…
 -> Not ALL participants
itsprEEzybaby: RT @2015Seniors: PSA to all girls https://t.co/huH3hsiv4B
 -> Not ALL girls
kyleah_jb: RT @KingKalif_VI: my teacher right before the test he looked down at me &amp; just shook his head in all types of disappointment like he seen m…
 -> Not ALL types
victoriaann_: RT @torresgenesisv: you've seen all my mistakes
 -> Not ALL mistakes
Men to their daughters: Yes, all men. Every single one of them.
 -> Not ALL men
KittyJonezz: If I ever made it big I'd lift all my friends up with me
 -> Not ALL friends
sydneyysago: RT @alyssabroooke_: I reeeeeally gotta catch up on all my shows man
 -> Not ALL shows
xlexyolson: all i want is to be held while listening to music &amp; talking about life till all hours of the night. i'd much rather do that than party
 -> Not ALL hours
_MyIntegrity: @Mally_Geezz @pinkalien_ nawwwwww lol all facts
 -> Not ALL facts
lukasT96: @sevandivine_ not all girls do. Some girls are just like guys forreal. Lol
 -> Not ALL girls
aghastjan: RT @Howard__Zinn: Corporations want a future where all citizens are rendered morally weak through addiction to drugs, fast-food, and alcoho…
 -> Not ALL citizens
sincerelytnl: I wanna dye my hair but then I'd have to dye all my weaves. Decisions.
 -> Not ALL weaves
rowanadeau: RT @rachelbehlke: Definitely just gonna wing all my finals cuz I have zero motivation to study for them
 -> Not ALL finals
_Hermosa_Dancer: I can do all things thru Christ who strengthens me &amp; God just ain't give me the strength to care anymore 🙊
 -> Not ALL things
empresssofnight: Some people are so funny..i laugh so hard that it hurts..Nice people all walks of life..Today was a good day..feeling blessed
 -> Not ALL walks
LetEmHate_: “@PinkMatterOF_: “@LetEmHate_: bitch all types of cracked.” Mine just old I'm trying to see when the 6 come out tho.”I can't make it until
 -> Not ALL types
aiiidensthename: freakin cat ate all my bagels #cryinginside
 -> Not ALL bagels
redsox_37: RT @codylambright33: "I don't have a value for stuff" just stop. I have a value for all my things. And I'm grateful for everything I have.
 -> Not ALL things
mariostewart___: I missssed all my shows tonight 😩
 -> Not ALL shows
StrawberryKays: @cuteeLishaa all yours boo boo 😏😘
 -> Not ALL yours
KillaShaee: “@Ayoo_Brenae: Selling all my shoes lol don't really care for em kinda tired of wearing only Jordan's 😩😫” !!!!!!!!
 -> Not ALL shoes
Kayleenucd: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
SaraFuller97: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
RichDawg38: @JgarberWDE yeah but y'all count all kinds of stuff that everyone else makes fun of you for. Heck y'all probably counted last years loss
 -> Not ALL kinds
ErinPriestner: Like why are all my friends like dead a.k.a alexia, where u @
 -> Not ALL friends
DeniseMgmail: RT @QueenOfChinaa: I just want a nice body so I can wear all types of cute clothes. Lol
 -> Not ALL types
HowMuchForGoat: I have not stopped thinking about how fucking perfect The Raid 2 is yet. It was an iconoclastic movie in that it made all other movies bad
 -> Not ALL movies
_omgitsjanel: If we text and you spell come like "kum" or "cum" I will cut off all ties with you.
 -> Not ALL ties
bshpjh: RT @J14Magazine: New crush alert! Hottie @SpencerBoldman from @DisneyChannel's #Zapped is all sorts of amazing. 😍 http://t.co/LTsZYUKqnQ
 -> Not ALL sorts
isosCELESE: There is no other way to text @brookesnichols than in all caps
 -> Not ALL caps
vodKAbrandyWine: Idk out of all places
 -> Not ALL places
LewisTayy: RT @OfficialTezz: Not all black girls are ghetto😒
 -> Not ALL girls
GuruJeremy: I've honestly given up all hopes on a relationship. I'm too wild... I can't control myself I lack discipline
 -> Not ALL hopes
pyschedd: RT @radkj: all my old dms popped up lol lol lol lol
 -> Not ALL dms
Zanaxdh: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
Codefury: @cynixy That time my ex-gf figured out which password I used, and deleted all my tweets. Oh wait that was today haha :D
 -> Not ALL tweets
_SheGoesByKiaa_: Finished with all my meetings for the night. 🙌
 -> Not ALL meetings
RunGomez: @monicaluhar @kpcc @mikeroe wait! San Marino??! Out of all cities! wow!
 -> Not ALL cities
Exclusivehassan: @that_KidJOE dey all pussies 😒
 -> Not ALL pussies
GinongPratidino: The Biggest flat icons set available online | Get 30% OFF all icons by using coupon code: 30OFFROUNDICONS  http://t.co/Sq8x5eYduF
 -> Not ALL icons
desolatespinosa: after this tweet I'm deleting all my tweets bc I need to restart so bye
 -> Not ALL tweets
hpferg1: RT @michaelterry337: Let #Bergdahl be a warning to all military personnel that goes to Afghanistan..If you are captured we may not come for…
 -> Not ALL personnel
LORENZOREYESMA1: RT @W_Angels_Wings: Desperate Mom Confession #124: I think all kids should come standard with a G-tube. http://t.co/rYJPzayE0D http://t.co/…
 -> Not ALL kids
Jayydee2legit: RT @Crotch0_0Watcha: Maggie just setting up all types of thirst traps. #HAHN
 -> Not ALL types
AUTUMNsaidLOVE_: I hope I don't fail that history exam tomorrow, I left all my notes at school 😰
 -> Not ALL notes
darksels: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
EshuAssyrian3: @Ramsen_ @rmshava @NinBazi @DannoSwo that's why I said we need one organization that gathers all other organizations &amp; represent all
 -> Not ALL organizations
vonryansexpress: America needs a Special Master appointed by Federal Judge to take over the IRS' compliance with all subpoenas. @megynkelly #kellyfile @nro
 -> Not ALL subpoenas
calliekeys: I need a new walking buddy because all my friends suck.😒
 -> Not ALL friends
KhunshaAghaKhan: RT @aasia_ishaque: PMLN leadership says PAT HQ had Weapons than why not any policeman died?Postmortem report says all civilians;shot in hea…
 -> Not ALL civilians
th3d00r: Eph3:10 God's wisdom, expressed in His plans for us, revealed to us to establish His lordship over all powers and principalities
 -> Not ALL powers
nolkoitnez: The Biggest flat icons set available online | Get 30% OFF all icons by using coupon code: 30OFFROUNDICONS  http://t.co/3GUsntaeAJ
 -> Not ALL icons
KingsOfSwings: -going to come around my waist, all eyes are on the WWE World Championship. For now, let my eyes set on the opponents.
 -> Not ALL eyes
morgansix6vi: RT @Rylee_Krimmer: "Someone somewhere said all good things end, so what in my mind made me think this time would be different."
 -> Not ALL things
SkinnyHobbit: RT @mikaylatology: "Men: Not all men.
 -> Not ALL men
Men to their daughters: Yes, all men. Every single one of them."
 -> Not ALL men
_kattti: Kenzie says, "hey I broke my tailbone. feel it" to all boys out there
 -> Not ALL boys
cjsball21: RT @OfficialTezz: Not all black girls are ghetto😒
 -> Not ALL girls
JoshKrame: Juicy J stay in the club, me and all my niggas!
 -> Not ALL niggas
miralsattar: RT @MargaritaCMatos: @olivewildly @miralsattar I advocate diverse personalities.Not all heroines born with a sword in hand &amp; not every male…
 -> Not ALL heroines
FunLovingAlways: @Wienerdogsmom Glass Bottom Boat is all yours Wiener - enjoy! @micjul94 @3vinsongirls
 -> Not ALL yours
VivKats: @TichaelMesorio I'm gonna use the classic line that guys use on us all the time and just say not all girls do that. Haha
 -> Not ALL girls
T_Foster22: I love having friends that play all different sports. Gives you something to talk about 😄😄
 -> Not ALL sports
Trinityisr: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
Citlallipopz: RT @katvalle_: Me after all my regents http://t.co/O08ivII0xG
 -> Not ALL regents
WeatherLandG: @orange_pekoe it's interesting to learn how it all works
 -> Not ALL works
imVsingh: Good Morning to all lovely friends. Hv a grt day :-) #JSK
 -> Not ALL friends
xSosa__: ima put all my niggas on 💯😤
 -> Not ALL niggas
ROBBlETORRES: I want to get all my holes re opened but sports
 -> Not ALL holes
DemiMars__: RT @__Dizzyy: I keep secrets to myself . It's sooo embarrassing when you find out something thinking everything was all peaches and cream.
 -> Not ALL peaches
ChapmanMeag: that was too good... #NaughtyJosh lol maybe he should practice in front of a mirror like all great stars
 -> Not ALL stars
KingKalif_VI: I wrote a side note to my teacher just to void out my test, all types of L's was taken that day i swear
 -> Not ALL types
TOO_DramatiC_: Yessss Gawd!!!RT @yopatty_wassup: One of these days me &amp; all my housemates need to get on three way with each other
 -> Not ALL housemates
molina_aleee: RT @Lexii936: "@molina_aleee: "@xxpineapplez: If I like you best believe I'll cut off all my hoes for you""
 -> Not ALL hoes
Iam_WhatITweet: He tried to holler at all my friends lol smh
 -> Not ALL friends
McBHohman: RT @GregoryJohnD: Advice to all new freshmen http://t.co/YThW7VTc6z
 -> Not ALL freshmen
aileen26_: @hemmscake I honestly find it gross bc they're all like brothers
 -> Not ALL brothers
Misoonwhang: RT @benwellsmusic: Valdosta going away party this Friday at Bluewater! Wanna see all my friends at this one!
 -> Not ALL friends
drewmmichaels: That quote was from a truly important @PennyRed article on the the deathless "not all men" trope and reactions to it: http://t.co/ABa3xmI1tB
 -> Not ALL men
JayJayKing_: Sooo I have a bonfire that all my nights are welcomed too. Any takers?
 -> Not ALL nights
2. When you say its impossible- He says all things are possible. Lk. 18:27
 -> Not ALL things
JoashPThomas: @ZaidJilani Nope I believe all other institutions such as taxation and property rights need to be redefined in accordance with what I said
 -> Not ALL institutions
AussieMKTO: Start back at uni after 8 months off and I am really killing myself. Especially since all my friends are in Europe 😭😭😭😭
 -> Not ALL friends
micbrownell: I hate when all people do is ask me questions during a conversation. Like I already told you everything you need to know! #itsannoying
 -> Not ALL people
Mattiewio: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
sarah_baby_00: Gas tanks on E but all dranks on me
 -> Not ALL dranks
NavigateCurves: Making meatballs! Avoiding innuendo in all posts... #glutenfree http://t.co/sPR8BiFvVa
 -> Not ALL posts
24HRD: 6/18 Male summit!!! Calling all young men!!!! Get answers, get support, get information.  Changing the… http://t.co/kJs3QL93W0
 -> Not ALL men
Karlaaaa_x3: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
Chad687: Currently acquiring goods to make a hoagie to end all hoagies
 -> Not ALL hoagies
all followers
 -> Not ALL followers
reyes_lizmarie: @ayannax3__ i will def tell all my friends lol !! 😁
 -> Not ALL friends
sassiecasssy: RT @_CollegeHumor_: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/FronNXzvXd
 -> Not ALL heroes
cuteeLishaa: RT @StrawberryKays: @cuteeLishaa all yours boo boo 😏😘
 -> Not ALL yours
satanandsolomon: Oops it's my friend @alexfarleystuff 's bday so now we're all drunk oooops
 -> Not ALL oooops
ssilkmint: RT @trishapaytas: I'm smart except when it comes to all things men ...like you'd think I was born yesterday with how I handle relationships…
 -> Not ALL things
DeidreFischelov: I want to refresh my mind. Delete all my problems, undo all my mistakes, and save all the happy moments.
 -> Not ALL problems
Uh_Kawsh: "all men are the same."
 -> Not ALL men
alexandratrs_28: RT @Lmao: To all 8th graders: if you think your group will stay together through high school you are wrong
 -> Not ALL graders
_Trackie: RT @OfficialTezz: Not all black girls are ghetto😒
 -> Not ALL girls
BamMartinArmy: “@ResmelC: Out of all known dancers, I'd have to say Bam Martin inspires the hell outta me. His style is so raw.”
 -> Not ALL dancers
 — stay at gome and watch all CDs i have http://t.co/oyxhFKb8ne
 -> Not ALL CDs
ampreisert: @The_Bekilla all Jokes aside though..if a girls panties gonna be dropping for a country singer it's BG
 -> Not ALL Jokes
kadeemcharlescl: RT @tianaaxox_: Out of all my friends, in the only 1 without a date.
 -> Not ALL friends
...I also LICK...NIP...KISS...RUB...&amp; all sorts of other erotic verbs you can think of.
 -> Not ALL sorts
QueenCarolinaMT: RT @SOMBEAR: so odd to me when people only like one specific genre of music. there is so much good music of all kinds.
 -> Not ALL kinds
drudavis_: lost all my contacts, sooooo if you have my number text me your names 😪
 -> Not ALL contacts
Vickita3882: Do all young children touch everything at other people's houses? I wasn't like that as a kid and neither are my nephews. #children #question
 -> Not ALL children
Kablaaze: Mac Miller fans all junkies
 -> Not ALL junkies
❄Follow all accs who rted
 -> Not ALL accs
_xodae: “@OfficialTezz: Not all black girls are ghetto😒”💯🙌
 -> Not ALL girls
themarmosetkidz: RT @HoCHlminh: We must systematically denounce all public figures who serve as distracting upper class puppets.
 -> Not ALL figures
member1984: RT @vandentoorn: Iraqi friends in Baghdad emphasize massive game of rumors and lies by Iraq state TV &amp; ISIS, all media outlets, "cant trust…
 -> Not ALL media
Idaliaqec: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
haileymoquin: RT @tcbecke: This rain is actually the tears of all students studying for exams
 -> Not ALL students
laurxmxrano: This is something all guys should live by #TreatGirlsWithMoreRespect
 -> Not ALL guys
DLo_400: RT @Molly_Whitee: Remove friends , add associates &amp; drop all negative people
 -> Not ALL people
facetransplant1: The face ‘is not content to cover the head, but touches all other parts of the body’ (A thousand plateaus)
 -> Not ALL parts
jennifersun_: @Gerardo__Macias aren't all surprises unexpected lulz
 -> Not ALL surprises
girlytanaya: RT @ShaneFilan: So many concerts coming up this year. Check out all my live dates and buy tickets online at http://t.co/WbtZfoV5Vh 🎤🎶🎤
 -> Not ALL dates
nandorvila: In 7 minutes you can click on http://t.co/4HK6wqGqVp and watch our show. It's got all kinds of shenanigans.
 -> Not ALL kinds
zairenw: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
Iskateebruhh: RT @kimberlyaaaa: need a date to the movies though wtf ain't about to go with all girls 😂😂✋
 -> Not ALL girls
BENFRNKLIN: Aren't all mothers ? RT“@Arijvy: My mother is so messy 😂”
 -> Not ALL mothers
NikePsyche: I think all girls are crazy I just think the levels vary
 -> Not ALL girls
nilesh1811: @jaikalra Thank you sir i m huge fan of you and having collection of all scenes of your act.
 -> Not ALL scenes
_KellyChoi: @RachelYang_21 indeed I will!! Guessing you've finished all exams now?
 -> Not ALL exams
megan_cull: @AshaPudlik ❤️❤️ were all hotties lmao!
 -> Not ALL hotties
Savannah2891: My phone got run over today and all my tips blew off in the wind from work... Yay.. Now new number
 -> Not ALL tips
nadiaelkordi: RT @clauudiaderosa: fucking boys that make no god damn sense is wut all girls deal with daily
 -> Not ALL girls
_o71612: RT @_Hermosa_Dancer: I can do all things thru Christ who strengthens me &amp; God just ain't give me the strength to care anymore 🙊
 -> Not ALL things
CLeevon: lol im gettin of of fb lol all my real friends text me
 -> Not ALL friends
micjul94: @FunLovingAlways @Wienerdogsmom @3vinsongirls yes, all hers
 -> Not ALL hers
Lula_Pearl: RT @tinkerbelledc: @Lula_Pearl I can sleep at night knowing he cares for all Americans.  Thank you president Obama for being you!
 -> Not ALL Americans
racerevo33: RT @rajpreetpal: Attention all girls! Follow these 15 tips to make him fall in love with you! #4 is fool-proof! http://t.co/7tcjc7yE67
 -> Not ALL girls
InfiniteQueen2: @joecobobo @KingAVilaysane man the one day I can't go is the day all my friends go so sad
 -> Not ALL friends
murphyleex: Got a fresh phone. Lost all contacts. Not that mad. Plz text me yur name so I can have your number
 -> Not ALL contacts
Karmas_brother: Fuck yeaaaaa i can wear all my hoodies and  crewnecks for today :,) #FleeceLove #
 -> Not ALL hoodies
ShellyCompany: RT @OhioContractors: OCA is proud to sponsor Big Machines held in Columbus this week @COSI. Fun for all ages, we hope to see you there! #co…
 -> Not ALL ages
brookesnichols: RT @isosCELESE: There is no other way to text @brookesnichols than in all caps
 -> Not ALL caps
StrawberrieRedd: I dont see how its not cool for females to say "all men are the same"....
 -> Not ALL men
outoftownslay: - it because I was sure it was a stan account but then Raissa was typing in all caps in my mentions telling me he followed lol
 -> Not ALL caps
Karylyzd: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
madbringer: @TheTweetOfGod I know humanity fucked up in all kinds of ways but what exactty was so horrible that you cursed us with dubstep and Bieber?
 -> Not ALL kinds
tiananaira: RT @DhiniIjus: Kngen kmpul:("@rioxondra: Miss you all guys!! @Rayndraa @tiananaira @DhiniIjus @vikagerin pengen cengin kalian lg hhahahha"
 -> Not ALL guys
JorgeBarrera: AFN Alberta regional chief Alexis says there is a need " for a balanced approach agreeable by all parties at the table" on #NorthernGateway
 -> Not ALL parties
rixtoned: a** e*****: kill floyd mayweather destory all men buy louis some crest
 -> Not ALL men
tomtrvn: RT @2015Seniors: PSA to all girls https://t.co/huH3hsiv4B
 -> Not ALL girls
stondimmaculate: @KoChief_ crown black the drink of all drinks
 -> Not ALL drinks
vinniej87: RT @Dhealthstore: It all works out, so why trip?
 -> Not ALL works
DevanneSH: I got 64 points for 'rectums' also used all my tiles
 -> Not ALL tiles
Phae__: @meester_T @SophiaLocke is this Viet food or something? It all looks fucking delicious.
 -> Not ALL looks
Aaalrighty_Then: Hilarious perfectly timed photographs, you should see #11 - see all pictures: http://t.co/E4lj9bkW3R
 -> Not ALL pictures
whoisESQUIRE: Watch if mah plans fall through, ima stop giving all fucks
 -> Not ALL fucks
avrille0418: I wanted to tell you all my secrets but you became one of them.&lt;/3
 -> Not ALL secrets
kikyoumiky: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
ditaditun16: "@SoTruuOMG: I want to refresh my mind, clear all my problems and just have fun with life"
 -> Not ALL problems
RC_Barbee: Folk in Chatt make sure they are under the speed limit at all times smh
 -> Not ALL times
caitlin_avila: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
sweets_and_sour: RT @mcullen1499: I'll just let all my feelings out on tumblr bc i know nobody will ever see
 -> Not ALL feelings
cdenomme96: RT @Tifflid: I just wanna tweet all my emotions right now so I should probably just go to bed #trainwreck
 -> Not ALL emotions
KaonashiG: RT @GuruJeremy: I've honestly given up all hopes on a relationship. I'm too wild... I can't control myself I lack discipline
 -> Not ALL hopes
SamanthaVaquera: RT @2015Seniors: PSA to all girls https://t.co/huH3hsiv4B
 -> Not ALL girls
BriaRene21: The devil comes in all shapes and sizes.
 -> Not ALL shapes
AdianChristian: I'm feeling all types of ways 😒
 -> Not ALL types
purevilsean: I don't understand why #5 is even a thing. It's so silly! - Funny, Stupid Signs - See all images:... http://t.co/9qE1WljwJS
 -> Not ALL images
Janturner1952: Ok...not sure how they did it...but I wanna be younger...they guessed my exact age! 62!!!  HOW did all my friends... http://t.co/8Jzxm7bpK8
 -> Not ALL friends
kMosski_24: A wise women told me all athletes should be with other athletes... I'm just saying she's wise listen to her 🙊👌
 -> Not ALL athletes
A : You a fuckinn fag 💀 getting all ass cheeks on Saturday”😂😂😂 what can I say 😎😎
 -> Not ALL ass
mariahbrearxo: things I'm good at; stealing all my boyfriends clothes.
 -> Not ALL boyfriends
_Melricaaa: @old_clavichord these are all lies
 -> Not ALL lies
grande_cloud: hitch favorites all my tweets and followed me like😱Ik it's looks like I'm obsessing over a dog which he's so adorable but like that's SAWYER
 -> Not ALL tweets
best_cheez_evr_: @GeeeeeeFlan hell yeah I think all carriers have them now
 -> Not ALL carriers
flakitaa_baeee: RT @Lexii936: "@molina_aleee: "@xxpineapplez: If I like you best believe I'll cut off all my hoes for you""
 -> Not ALL hoes
Love_Life04: Man I remember when we was all little seeds and ain't know shit 😂😭
 -> Not ALL seeds
bailieeeeeee: @LoganCossette no need to use all caps logan
 -> Not ALL caps
churchofsoccer: RT @nandorvila: In 7 minutes you can click on http://t.co/4HK6wqGqVp and watch our show. It's got all kinds of shenanigans.
 -> Not ALL kinds
AbigailWillcox: #5 wins the internet.  - Sexting Fails Part II - See all images:... http://t.co/eo71NRdKxO
 -> Not ALL images
ChlorisSackerso: I miss being a kid. No one cared how you dressed, we were all friends, and you could be yourself.
 -> Not ALL friends
MGraham7: RT @nattttattttack: ottawa's newest thrilling ride "hydroplaning on all roads" with special effects "guess which late you're in"
 -> Not ALL roads
Ms_Beautiful28: RT @AaronOConnell: Just looking through all my photos and I'm eating in half of them. Going for a run after tonight's episode of #HAHN! 😳
 -> Not ALL photos
sarahpierce_: This is what it all boils down to... I loved you. Still do, but I can't take being treated like 24/7 anymore.
 -> Not ALL boils
KazeemJaleel: correction:  All hands will go limp. all hearts will melt of fear, to make the land desolate and destroy the sinners in it.
 -> Not ALL hearts
sofietrofie: RT @YoMicBlaine: summer came and all my friends disapeared lmao
 -> Not ALL friends
noisefx: Cables? Adapters? Headphones? HUGE sale on all items from Hosa!!! Insanely low prices. Hurry! While supplies last. http://t.co/eVMrrWCasK
 -> Not ALL items
TheRealestBrock: RT @OfficialTezz: Not all black girls are ghetto😒
 -> Not ALL girls
ooh_lupita: @_CassidyMariee @melyy_soccerboo cause segun we're all hoes LMFAO hoes have no chill
 -> Not ALL hoes
k_kiannalinn: RT @trishapaytas: I'm smart except when it comes to all things men ...like you'd think I was born yesterday with how I handle relationships…
 -> Not ALL things
janaymichele: “@fancy_pearlsss: smh http://t.co/sxHqZ4S9iF” lol truth they show all types of ass
 -> Not ALL types
romyilano: RT @laripley: So we can get all kinds of articles about "toxic twitter" &amp; "callout culture" but when 4chan consciously goes after Black wom…
 -> Not ALL kinds
Julian_585: Blocking all family on all social media websites
 -> Not ALL media
gottalovedesha: STAND YOUR GROUND ! At all times
 -> Not ALL times
PussyHangOva: I listen to what anybody has to say.. Wisdom comes from all ages
 -> Not ALL ages
Bitter_lovin: Well.. now that he's managed to piss me off. I'll probably go to sleep. Cause thats all thats left to do.
 -> Not ALL thats
imX_RAYted: Yo when me and all my bros  get together it's a RAP 🌐
 -> Not ALL bros
gnarly_carly__: I miss all my friends 😔
 -> Not ALL friends
❄Follow all accs who rted
 -> Not ALL accs
fakejustinhinds: RT @jayshatsby: "girls only like douches" "guys only like dumb girls" stfu you're all pussies every gender is pussy everyone get over thems…
 -> Not ALL pussies
StyleNGrace86: When I'm single I never put all my eggs in one basket. I keep my options open
 -> Not ALL eggs
skateonthewave: RT @J14Magazine: New crush alert! Hottie @SpencerBoldman from @DisneyChannel's #Zapped is all sorts of amazing. 😍 http://t.co/LTsZYUKqnQ
 -> Not ALL sorts
dreandmax: RT @dubdotdash: RT @CheeseontoastNZ: YouTube gonna remove all independent labels music videos - read more here http://t.co/JP9lUix7Li
 -> Not ALL labels
charliprangley: @rohitbawa my friends @michaelmurfy and @thomaslebas run a little hosting company so they host all my sites :)
 -> Not ALL sites
RosieOrLucy: I miss tech theater freshman year, all my classes with @_ccatherinee sophomore year, 6th period junior year, and 8th senior year
 -> Not ALL classes
DeeAndraLS: Just wanted to say thank you all my new friends this past week! Y'all are awesome! &lt;3 http://t.co/Aj7JkVxXFo
 -> Not ALL friends
angiee_torro: “@Soonerbeast14: Alright... Which one of y'all savage girls made this? http://t.co/IrG7NixXsD” Not all white guys have big dicks
 -> Not ALL guys
honorsdi: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
YounggLexx: RT @Thomas_Holler: Where's all my niggas tonight
 -> Not ALL niggas
HomeSweetHoman: Hahhahahaha my mom gets all my sisters screenshots sent to her phone. Rough 😂
 -> Not ALL sisters
WarehousePanda: Can anyone tell me what to do about the fact that all pants which fit in the thigh have this huge gap in the back of the waist? What is fix?
 -> Not ALL pants
gabbyaquilano: look at all my friends http://t.co/AJKjmGU3Yp
 -> Not ALL friends
Ho0driiich: We are all people who like the way it hurts
 -> Not ALL people
GerhartJosh: @Marsa_Michella @Id0ntgiveAdam4 @Lord_Anarchy @DopeDeity @YouMayPass all white men I know the struggle lived it still do
 -> Not ALL men
MikailiCarter: RT @CaleDodds: Y'all SHOWED UP in Columbus last month. Let's party again Friday in Marietta! @TheWingTapHouse 6/20 9:30pm all ages! http://…
 -> Not ALL ages
Our2ndLifesLust: RT @JacobGauthe: I wish all of you would rt and fav all my tweets 💙
 -> Not ALL tweets
jizzabell_: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
that_KidJOE: “@Exclusivehassan: @that_KidJOE dey all pussies 😒”lol trust everyone's scared of Daley 😹😹
 -> Not ALL pussies
*loses all kinds of followers*
 -> Not ALL kinds
destinyoh2: I pull up at the club VIP gas tank on E but all drinks on me!
 -> Not ALL drinks
ChanelMcMillan: I luv all races 👲👳💂👦👨👱
 -> Not ALL races
twerkForJerz: “@RecklessChavis: Like all jokes and games aside, I'm a virgin 😬😬” nobody doubted you
 -> Not ALL jokes
rowe_tide: That's using all irons. No woods.
 -> Not ALL irons
OddBlue665: @MiaPatty88 I don't remember nothing of the sort, I always thought I had the booty all hours 😏😉😝😘 mmmmhmm
 -> Not ALL hours
luvme25j: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
trissdawn: @ceejaypk45 then all guys have smaller and weaker brains 😉
 -> Not ALL guys
bemycupcake: @Fangirlisms247 well they're probably gonna have to sort out his thing with cersei and he's highgarden's heir so im crossing all my fingers
 -> Not ALL fingers
phia1962: RT @AaronOConnell: Just looking through all my photos and I'm eating in half of them. Going for a run after tonight's episode of #HAHN! 😳
 -> Not ALL photos
itsssV: I made the best choice ever of coming to UL! I'm so glad I'm coming being on here makes me so happy and all my scares and doubts are gone
 -> Not ALL scares
damnethan: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
jenniferkupp: I @jenniferkupp deadly disease pray jesus of Bible, no abuse all people, life, ongoing, onward. I won't abuse all life, ongoing, onward.
 -> Not ALL people
RICOtheDONN: Yo its crazy these niggas need to keep all emotions out of business.. its real trying to get this money
 -> Not ALL emotions
roesmith1: RT @HoodJesusYo: Tryin to comprehend how u are so loved that Jesus died for u even though He's perfect and we all sinners got u like http:/…
 -> Not ALL sinners
Mickeymousegf: RT @TatiannaMonae: 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 Wheeeeeewwwwww "accidentally dropped all my hoes" http://t.co/2MainpMjIx
 -> Not ALL hoes
junhoempress: @Taecmetohell tsk tsk, I'll stay up until 3AM to call off all rumors
 -> Not ALL rumors
iTwerkTheBiebs: RT @TheseDamnQuote: I want to refresh my mind. Delete all my problems, undo all my mistakes, and save all the happy moments.
 -> Not ALL problems
jnuke83: RT @PRichS10: Cut out all distractions.
 -> Not ALL distractions
vnicole1998: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
llAboutBenji: Free all my niggas doing time⏰
 -> Not ALL niggas
MGHTYDX: @Kinibrown $297 RT on Alaska to Maui and $386 RT on Hawaiian to Honolulu last year. Seats on all legs!
 -> Not ALL legs
dianawasso: RT @RockChristopher: Love is the greatest power on earth. It conquers all things. ~ #Quote Peace Pilgrim
 -> Not ALL things
Christian2Turnt: RT @AlecPingol: To all my Asian girls only interested in white dudes http://t.co/LpBJhk9NJT
 -> Not ALL girls
WoodReid: I pray for boldness for all my brothers and sisters in Christ tonight! God set them on fire with your mighty spirit! #bodylife
 -> Not ALL brothers
MJNOON90: I have caught and unfollowed all people who unfollowed me today with http://t.co/iaJpahPFVh
 -> Not ALL people
itskaylaaBITCHH: all my dreamers put your hands to the skyy.
 -> Not ALL dreamers
apiccmovement: @J5rson &amp; all #apiccmovement artist! I suggest u watch all videos created by @bartcubbins which is @JaredLeto lead singer! Its all #pureart
 -> Not ALL videos
cat21402z: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
toniiLOVEEE: @alwaysfie I think it's confirmed all fandoms are scary 😂😂😂😂
 -> Not ALL fandoms
Enz0o0oLong: “@FemaleStruggIes: The reason why girls never trust boys http://t.co/2X7OLPA7oh”bruuuuh not all guys are like this damn
 -> Not ALL guys
isa_de_mata: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
KsWheatAlliance: Dr Jim Shroyer educates all ages at the Sherman county wheat plot. @KansasWheat @KStateAgron http://t.co/Ty8ocNrRv2
 -> Not ALL ages
OraBx: @AmdAndrew I hope it all changes for the best!
 -> Not ALL changes
kglavinic: RT @mariaadimaggio: Love how twitter is all regents review rn😂😂
 -> Not ALL regents
renearroyoo: My sleep schedule is all kinds of messed up.
 -> Not ALL kinds
AronC78: MIL is in all kinds of trouble
 -> Not ALL kinds
hamzazamir10: Dang I lost all my contacts 😒
 -> Not ALL contacts
HaganO1: @SuperNintendo_ you get all my notifications huh😂😂
 -> Not ALL notifications
Ignaciahbv: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
momomonicles: The 5 lies all women, at some point, will believe.  http://t.co/28iV0ew5Za
 -> Not ALL women
themightyjimbo: In honor of recent local news, it's me and the cup (2007), pissing off all my friends who actually like hockey. http://t.co/nvuR9B0wmu
 -> Not ALL friends
nadiaelkordi: "@clauudiaderosa: fucking boys that make no god damn sense is wut all girls deal with daily" can I get an amen up in dis bitch
 -> Not ALL girls
SoapyTV: RT @AaronOConnell: Just looking through all my photos and I'm eating in half of them. Going for a run after tonight's episode of #HAHN! 😳
 -> Not ALL photos
damagedmuse: RT @QueenOfChinaa: I just want a nice body so I can wear all types of cute clothes. Lol
 -> Not ALL types
Jaaass_minne: Oliver told me he doesn't like cypress best but yet he ate all my fries and half my hamburger
 -> Not ALL fries
SporadicSebas: I lost all my contacts so can y'all text me with your numbers 
 -> Not ALL contacts
TySmithdrums: RT @bacon_gillepic: I call bad drivers pee pole cause they are all dicks
 -> Not ALL dicks
minnobio: @EstiFonse @Koalasoy Bueno en netflix también solo all stars y la 6 no
 -> Not ALL stars
Brandonolechap: Kept all my promises... yeah ma nigga I made good...
 -> Not ALL promises
Aguusnogues: telefono de mierda y la concha de chano y la madre de all boys.
 -> Not ALL boys
MariluMejiasT: No matter how hard you try to make things right when you point out all faults.
 -> Not ALL faults
wreckemheather: RT @TedOfficialPage: If all women &amp; men were honest with each other &amp; just said how they really feel, there would be less fucking drama.
 -> Not ALL women
IsaacEdmondson3: Explain to me why we kick your ass in all sports then
 -> Not ALL sports
_nazraweke: “@VH1PNUT: THOTS LOVE HOOKAH , EMOJIS AN TGI FRIDAYS” Not all thots love hookah.😐😐😐
 -> Not ALL thots
uyxsprx: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
Hell_on_wheelz: @HGoffeney @tom_peters @ask4adam I couldnt exist w/ just a smartphone. all accts must be no limits on xfer or not interested
 -> Not ALL accts
madattackkk: RT @SloanSally: I miss all my friends
 -> Not ALL friends
yoGirl_Lauren: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
ink_roses: @TheRealSuperSam wow. I think I speak for all girls when I say you're not worth our time. That's pretty disgusting.
 -> Not ALL girls
helue_conejo: Im following all my followers if u want more followers follow me to follow u back =^_^= &lt;3
 -> Not ALL followers
sdm_815: RT @SixxInthecity: Over #20,000 views and counting in 3 months and it is being posted on all kinds of websites !!! Go to… http://t.co/0wl5z…
 -> Not ALL kinds
I love ice-cream and tolerate all types of milk.
 -> Not ALL types
DKNIGHT_21: RT @t0nyp_: mfs be crying about clothes shoes all dis material shit when it's mfs dat aint got food to eat.
 -> Not ALL dis
Tyradd4: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
scarletmaze: RT @mikaylatology: "Men: Not all men.
 -> Not ALL men
Men to their daughters: Yes, all men. Every single one of them."
 -> Not ALL men
onlyonelight: I need to find hair gel stat. This weathers got my hair looking all kinds of crazy
 -> Not ALL kinds
iz_shalawylo23: Thanks to the football team who ate all my cupcakes 😪
 -> Not ALL cupcakes
NFLNewsSB: HairBows! Handcrafted goodies for ladies of all ages! http://t.co/BIsV5GfKJw http://t.co/L0YijRkWHp
 -> Not ALL ages
Xo_haleyrdove13: I Won't trip over a Boy who ain't mine but honey, I will gladly clarify that he ain't all yours 😂
 -> Not ALL yours
SFLHOV: @ComeHomeLebron But what really sealed the deal was that crazy person crayon written rant that he decided to make public. Closed all doors
 -> Not ALL doors
tb1withu: RT @AaronOConnell: Just looking through all my photos and I'm eating in half of them. Going for a run after tonight's episode of #HAHN! 😳
 -> Not ALL photos
katyfrancok: RT @ItsFoodPorn: Beauty comes in all shapes and sizes http://t.co/AVxMjRyUXN
 -> Not ALL shapes
poes_annabel: Last night I went to bed on one end of the bed and woke up on the other end and I had all my pillows and everything
 -> Not ALL pillows
MPLPOfficial: @laurenelharp we all alternate instruments and we're all vocalists
 -> Not ALL instruments
BlueCat_hikes: RT @Jesthedino: when I say respect all creatures I do not include fleas.  In their case I fill the house with Elder leaves most effect flea…
 -> Not ALL creatures
ThisIsEddie_: RT @D_DeGea: We want and we can. This group doesn't surrender. Thanks for all supporting messages! #VamosEspaña
 -> Not ALL messages
All_Hail_James: RT @Crotch0_0Watcha: Maggie just setting up all types of thirst traps. #HAHN
 -> Not ALL types
SerenaShea_: So proud of all my niggas that made it🎓💘
 -> Not ALL niggas
JerryJeter: RT @WoodReid: I pray for boldness for all my brothers and sisters in Christ tonight! God set them on fire with your mighty spirit! #bodylife
 -> Not ALL brothers
ajgwithio: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
TrackStar_Davis: I hope I'm blessed with all boys !
 -> Not ALL boys
SamGault64: RT @D_Foofield: I'm 3 minutes into Frozen and I already think you're all fucking idiots.
 -> Not ALL idiots
Yoshepretty: @KiddKeyon nobody all lyrics 😂😘
 -> Not ALL lyrics
Baileyquinn111: When I play poker I just throw all my chips in! 👍🙌🎉 http://t.co/iqliHUrsrh
 -> Not ALL chips
priscillasoto_: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
ohheyitsbetsy: Ultraviolence got me feeling all types of ways
 -> Not ALL types
_Yolando: RT @_omgitsjanel: If we text and you spell come like "kum" or "cum" I will cut off all ties with you.
 -> Not ALL ties
_CassidyMariee: RT @ooh_lupita: @_CassidyMariee @melyy_soccerboo cause segun we're all hoes LMFAO hoes have no chill
 -> Not ALL hoes
curlyftlwt: RT @colouredharry: harry is so beautiful and special we must protect him at all costs from the big bad world
 -> Not ALL costs
Mizusdo: @Fiveoclock_ @HaganeMessiah American's love all sports
 -> Not ALL sports
imanmek: @RashaJawad10 all thanks to you 😂
 -> Not ALL thanks
It's kind of hard to see because of the white background, but it comes in all colors!
 -> Not ALL colors
xxatayjahhurt: I used to always ask myself why I never showed interest in talking to boys but then I realized it's because they're all ass holes that dgaf.
 -> Not ALL ass
KansasWheat: RT @KsWheatAlliance: Dr Jim Shroyer educates all ages at the Sherman county wheat plot. @KansasWheat @KStateAgron http://t.co/Ty8ocNrRv2
 -> Not ALL ages
caapptainmorgan: "@kikineal: convinced that all my friends come over for my 4 year old sister ha ha :-)"🙌🙌🙌
 -> Not ALL friends
netter48: @Ibusdriverlady thanks and same to u, all warnings have been lifted here for now. Take care
 -> Not ALL warnings
YEFRID360: I love how all my friends are always down to get plastered:)
 -> Not ALL friends
markleggett: Excuse me, Miss… Are all men bothering you? Want me to get rid of them?
 -> Not ALL men
abadboycali: RT @AronC78: MIL is in all kinds of trouble
 -> Not ALL kinds
_janeska: I could call my brother all types of bitch niggas, but if another female pull that shit I'll slap the fuck outta her.
 -> Not ALL types
m_schoderbek: I hate all my fucking friends to hell with them
 -> Not ALL friends
chrisrock: Check out my recent photo "Hot fun in the summertime" and all my posts on @WhoSay http://t.co/ZAtXHa3Pjk
 -> Not ALL posts
PutraRindang: I just wanna be more patient to face all my problems.
 -> Not ALL problems
whiskey7actual: For all Christians feeling like they're being pushed out of the public square I'll point you too adverts for the Son of God movie
 -> Not ALL Christians
nutaleh: Changing schools, birthday, smoothie king, mansion, banquet with all my friends. Yup my dream for you.
 -> Not ALL friends
becksss_13: Hiking tmrw w/ all my girls. I cannot wait. ❤️
 -> Not ALL girls
Clariiita_13: RT @Ashton5SOS: Father figures can be all different types of wonderful people! So happy Father's Day (as of 5 minutes ago lol) x
 -> Not ALL types
chata_nigga: RT @kimberlyaaaa: need a date to the movies though wtf ain't about to go with all girls 😂😂✋
 -> Not ALL girls
StyledNow: 'Ringly' Smart Ring Relays iPhone Notifications Over Bluetooth http://t.co/xjZdTsLnAG This could solve all my problems. Jewelry and techie
 -> Not ALL problems
Liz_Brallier: So excited, nervous, scared all kinds of emotions rolled into one! 🙊🙈🙊
 -> Not ALL kinds
SoloDolo7_: As a weed man you needa have yo phone on loud at all times, always have gas in ya car n be able to get up in da middle of da night.
 -> Not ALL times
ellaholt5: RT @AaronOConnell: Just looking through all my photos and I'm eating in half of them. Going for a run after tonight's episode of #HAHN! 😳
 -> Not ALL photos
MonaeCouture_: RT @neeksCheek_: if yuu ask me , all nigggahs the same ! Jst with different Game .. # jst gotta know how too play your cards !
 -> Not ALL nigggahs
dylanwhite0408: RT @graciedefran: Through it all my eyes are on You.
 -> Not ALL eyes
Emmaleewalpole: RT @Renee_M_LeBlanc: @Listen2Lena @newfiechick all great recommendations haven't been to some. Def need to check off my list! #SeizetheSumm…
 -> Not ALL recommendations
lexiiien: RT @JamieTateM: being able to drive would solve all my problems rn 😒
 -> Not ALL problems
TylerPunllock: @UberFacts @TekTheDolphin So all men have smaller and weaker brains? What a stupid study amirite?
 -> Not ALL men
MalikNumbaOne: "@GuruJeremy: I've honestly given up all hopes on a relationship. I'm too wild... I can't control myself I lack discipline" 💯👌
 -> Not ALL hopes
fourtris_64: I think one of the most famous lines from all movies ever is "your a wizard harry"
 -> Not ALL movies
Melody_N_Thingz: She a bad bitch, all jokes aside. 💋💄
 -> Not ALL jokes
DON_TEENO: Aswear all a girl needs from her man is attention at all times but is impossible maams #NoOffence #Ladies
 -> Not ALL times
hope it all wrks out
 -> Not ALL wrks
davidakin: RT @JorgeBarrera: AFN Alberta regional chief Alexis says there is a need " for a balanced approach agreeable by all parties at the table" o…
 -> Not ALL parties
A7xJess_: RT @CharlieQuinn11: If I pass all my regents http://t.co/6hNKDWc3z0
 -> Not ALL regents
mass_writer: RT @deniseromano: Anyone who is a political talking head at Fox needs to have any and all degrees of higher education revoked.
 -> Not ALL degrees
LuckyC__: @4hunnitburt @iAmChuckRaw 😂 don't say I'm dickeating then fav all my pictures
 -> Not ALL pictures
ParadigmIntl: DISC profile empowers you to succeed in all aspects of life! Visit us today! http://t.co/F8VbdSvaD0  http://t.co/op9IRZLxxq
 -> Not ALL aspects
princesskittty1: RT @deadgrlz: the biggest babe of all babes http://t.co/ZzhH5lLcq9
 -> Not ALL babes
Coach_OKeefe9: I need to hear from all returners about email I sent out.  Either see me tmrw or get me a message asap
 -> Not ALL returners
TheWolfspider: To all my followers. I am just venting. Non of my tweets are intended to promote, or endorse violence!
 -> Not ALL followers
WsKrides: The Lord does all things well.
 -> Not ALL things
Haley Barbour &amp; the US Chamber of Commerce are asking all illegal aliens to crossover for @thadforms on June 24th. 
 -> Not ALL aliens
ofdthef: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
holliman_andrea: RT @elizabethhh0317: John Mayer has me feelin all types of feels in this coffee shop #ImGonnaFindAnotherYou is probably written about me nbd
 -> Not ALL types
csquidrun: @knifespider @PeekabooBlondie @demonicscroll Damn I can't find all my old photos. I'll look for them tomorrow.
 -> Not ALL photos
Mariobecerril: We’re all stories, in the end. Just make it a good one, eh?
 -> Not ALL stories
TweetsbyDray_: Damn all my homies catching strikes and shit
 -> Not ALL homies
juliagrescowle: Well now that I watched all epsiodes of orange is the new black I guess ill go back to reality :/
 -> Not ALL epsiodes
15_KaraD: I might just get all my tears out tonight before tomorrow morning
 -> Not ALL tears
WinslowHope: I specialize in griping bitterly about all things relating to driving. My dad's ears might be bleeding.
 -> Not ALL things
EliLoves5SOS: RT @Ashton5SOS: Father figures can be all different types of wonderful people! So happy Father's Day (as of 5 minutes ago lol) x
 -> Not ALL types
SuperNintendo_: RT @HaganO1: @SuperNintendo_ you get all my notifications huh😂😂
 -> Not ALL notifications
Mr_Greenthum69: ..Facing all kinds of time but smile like I'm fine. Brag with such passion and shine without tryin.. http://t.co/qConnSzudy
 -> Not ALL kinds
MelissaSeow: @sabrina_gelmo I'll do it with @emmayordanov . But I hope you know we require champs on set at all times 👸
 -> Not ALL times
bfhkitbaj: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
__TweetWhit: RT @evolelizabeth: Anyone can have sex, it's mindless. A connection on all levels is important to keep me intrested
 -> Not ALL levels
KissMeKate7: RT @oppabureunda: [WTS] VIXX Eternity album I have all members but Taekwoon is very limited! $15.50USD including normal airmail to everywhe…
 -> Not ALL members
_vegan_villain: @DeadlyMapleTree dipper. I wasn't going to do it…til he stole all my fucking clothes
 -> Not ALL clothes
trill_baddieee: RT @OfficialTezz: Not all black girls are ghetto😒
 -> Not ALL girls
TheBenchCal: @AGuyNamedNam Fair, but: "Nothing gives a person so much advantage as to remain cool and unruffled under all circumstances" -TJ #PerfectQB
 -> Not ALL circumstances
poobearislife: RT @SoDamnTrue: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/fg7MgkZ1WW
 -> Not ALL heroes
_kayleeismyname: 🅿️🙌⚡️🌴💲 STOP SENDING ME THESE UR dumb but Ily. &amp; all my friends at YACS think you're so hot
 -> Not ALL friends
DauntlessFangrl: RT @fourtris_64: I think one of the most famous lines from all movies ever is "your a wizard harry"
 -> Not ALL movies
shannon_yetzer: &amp; this is exactly why I despise all relationships.
 -> Not ALL relationships
MySweetReveng3: @blowmebitch ugh we have to go through all kinds of dumb shit.
 -> Not ALL kinds
LynnfromVa: Ephesians 3:20-21 to HIM be #glory in the church by CHRIST JESUS to all generations, forever &amp; ever. Amen. ||  Praising LORD GOD ALMIGHTY!!!
 -> Not ALL generations
rachelindsay22: RT @mcullen1499: I'll just let all my feelings out on tumblr bc i know nobody will ever see
 -> Not ALL feelings
juicyj_diaz: “@UberFacts: Studies have found that men who watch porn have smaller and weaker brains.”soooo all guys then? Tf
 -> Not ALL guys
elianni_escobar: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
Mythamphetamine: RT @mikaylatology: "Men: Not all men.
 -> Not ALL men
Men to their daughters: Yes, all men. Every single one of them."
 -> Not ALL men
SethyG_24: This huge rock with all kinds of grafiti is way up high lol
 -> Not ALL kinds
RogerBoz1122: RT @WoodReid: I pray for boldness for all my brothers and sisters in Christ tonight! God set them on fire with your mighty spirit! #bodylife
 -> Not ALL brothers
BriahanaT: RT @katvalle_: Me after all my regents http://t.co/O08ivII0xG
 -> Not ALL regents
its_ambyrrr: RT @ayy_rrr_jayy_: Really missing the nights out by the fire with all my friends 😏
 -> Not ALL friends
__KingRobert: my @ name is all thanks to @xoalexandraaaa 🙏🙏👏👏👏
 -> Not ALL thanks
iamjanuary27: Reading all old letters that I received makes me think, smile and laugh! Haha :))
 -> Not ALL letters
cloudknir: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
GGeddy91: @SKtheGooner on dat narstie hype g. Niggas from all ends know man
 -> Not ALL ends
CroganSOH: RT @PRichS10: Cut out all distractions.
 -> Not ALL distractions
etoundi_1er: Dear @twitter UI designers, please increase that font weight to something all humans can easily read. Not everyone uses magnifying glasses
 -> Not ALL humans
GennyGenn_: “@keepinupwit_b: @GennyGenn_ all dominicans think about the parties😂😂😂😩” deadass bro 😂
 -> Not ALL dominicans
Younballer_23: You Gotta Treat Bae Good In all Types Of Ways 😍💦👅💦👅😻😻😘😭😘💏💑💏💍💍💍💎💍👰👰👰
 -> Not ALL Types
keyblazed: RT @deadgrlz: the biggest babe of all babes http://t.co/ZzhH5lLcq9
 -> Not ALL babes
GardenSRadio: Tomorrow night we're @mexicalilive for "Back to the Beach" party. Have fun, have a drink and win all kinds of cool beach stuff! #summer2014
 -> Not ALL kinds
sunny____dee: Do all gay girls play ball? Ctfu
 -> Not ALL girls
crashstatus: @DavidSanchirico I walked out of Yeezus. It was almost all rants. "I'm coming for Walt Disney. Where the press at?!"
 -> Not ALL rants
ChrisWrona04: That moment when someone is like "Heyyy chris" and I'm like who's this... I lost all my contacts
 -> Not ALL contacts
infamousbryan: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
audrey_helene: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
BexTalksSex: Photoset: submissivefeminist: Schrödinger’s Rapist is a really important theory that all men should learn... http://t.co/O9Q0tmGEHH
 -> Not ALL men
larissamoulin: But all things change, let this remain.
 -> Not ALL things
Comfori: #Comfori Sdn Bhd Welcomes all delegates to Persidangan Kepimpinan Wanita Kali Ke - 4 http://t.co/putrHeCN69
 -> Not ALL delegates
arcticanwxar: let's be honest here. all American cities suck compared to London.
 -> Not ALL cities
ccghayasd: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
MeWhodat: @NBCNews  I can't believe NBC would allow a 12 year to perform such an inappropriate act on AGT, and all judges to support and pass along.
 -> Not ALL judges
StrawberrieRedd: But everytime i log on i see the same guys saying "females be with the shit" or "all redbones do this and act this way"
 -> Not ALL redbones
lesliyeh_: @_mandamia lmao y'know they have to be on point at all times
 -> Not ALL times
suppciera: RT @LauraVillasmil: If I ever get married, I want my husband to complete my outfit, at all times. So you better look the part cause it take…
 -> Not ALL times
Partytoohardd: RT @mikaylatology: I'm really upset I thought all men were terrified of me now I have to start feminism all over god dammit I'm so sad
 -> Not ALL men
all_arts_: هههههههه @ كل الفنون _ all arts http://t.co/Skn026HG4R
 -> Not ALL arts
litokid25: RT @Lmao: To all 8th graders: if you think your group will stay together through high school you are wrong
 -> Not ALL graders
benoy_natalie: I love hanging out with all my friends. ❤️ #thanks
 -> Not ALL friends
juliagrescowle: RT @trishapaytas: I'm smart except when it comes to all things men ...like you'd think I was born yesterday with how I handle relationships…
 -> Not ALL things
RUDYDAGREAT1: Swear I get all kinds of pics off twitter 😩
 -> Not ALL kinds
23maaaadddiieee: all my girls just keep on blowin' up my phone saying come on he ain't worth the pain do what you gotta do to forget his name
 -> Not ALL girls
cumpleted: we're all savages
 -> Not ALL savages
LaTinaloren: North Dallas Donation based #yoga workshop. We'll break down postures for alignment &amp; modifications - all levels... http://t.co/USKpiUjlb2
 -> Not ALL levels
leemsvs: RT @AlecPingol: To all my Asian girls only interested in white dudes http://t.co/LpBJhk9NJT
 -> Not ALL girls
renai_neeet_bot: want to express our gratitude to all people who support me. 
 -> Not ALL people
SupermanRob2914: RT @FOXSportsLive "NFL analysts will be breaking down all teams. What questions you want answered about your team?" Is Joe Flacco #elite?
 -> Not ALL teams
SalmaJamaa: @FatiimaMohamed excuse me, don't be jealous that I have finished all my exams 😋
 -> Not ALL exams
Neuroglea: I watch all my Kids Get Wiped Away and here y'all are complaining 😂😂  https://t.co/l1DF7n3Ynb
 -> Not ALL Kids
silvestri26: “@UberFacts: Studies have found that men who watch porn have smaller and weaker brains.” So all men have small weak brains
 -> Not ALL men
Exclusivehassan: RT @that_KidJOE: “@Exclusivehassan: @that_KidJOE dey all pussies 😒”lol trust everyone's scared of Daley 😹😹
 -> Not ALL pussies
acalmosta: @slothadam84 all yours, dibs on Rose Tyler
 -> Not ALL yours
InMark_ITrust: RT @janaymichele: “@fancy_pearlsss: smh http://t.co/sxHqZ4S9iF” lol truth they show all types of ass
 -> Not ALL types
casslefras: RT @cassiidyhi: I wish I was smart enough to get rid of all social networks
 -> Not ALL networks
kohkard: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
TitusBricco: I accept your opinion. 4 words that should stop 99% of all arguments.
 -> Not ALL arguments
Just_keep_on: RT @chanelpuke: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/EhLTzvz06n
 -> Not ALL heroes
yungsavsav: @Jelly_Butt_  f nature camp 😤 taking all my peeps
 -> Not ALL peeps
WeirdBirdPal: ah yes, please, big name social justice ppl who are disableism activists...please continue to label all trolls as sociopaths, good idea
 -> Not ALL trolls
kelbyjones5: Feel like Smitty has segregated himself from all members of 928. Dude has said maybe 5 words to me all summer.
 -> Not ALL members
JeffOverley: Experts tell me FDA guidance will definitely drive drugmakers to promote on social media, albeit not for all products http://t.co/PtzL0xNmPF
 -> Not ALL products
nellyboss_: RT @sororityspeak: When someone says all my drinks are on them http://t.co/9kIP2sBuwP
 -> Not ALL drinks
Susie_Rosenberg: Aren't all shoes BOGO?
 -> Not ALL shoes
Angel_Hill143: RT @Crotch0_0Watcha: Maggie just setting up all types of thirst traps. #HAHN
 -> Not ALL types
LilJamaik: Lost all my chains on some lock up Ish 👿. http://t.co/W9dlJyGrZf
 -> Not ALL chains
lrweis_: Where are all my pajamas? Why am I being punk'd...
 -> Not ALL pajamas
ErynManess: RT @TheSnobette: @HelloKitty x @VansGirls collabo for women/girls, so darn cute! See all styles + launch info: http://t.co/OIFOPbcalQ http:…
 -> Not ALL styles
DiscipleHub: See that no one repays another with evil for evil, but always seek after that which is good for one another and for all people. - 1 Th. 5:15
 -> Not ALL people
MeccaBrooks: RT @markleggett: Excuse me, Miss… Are all men bothering you? Want me to get rid of them?
 -> Not ALL men
GlitterBuckets: RT @YEGlifer: My daughter is all kinds of beautiful.  And to think for many years I didn't want kids. http://t.co/HyJRIJtAy4
 -> Not ALL kinds
xStealthman: @TheRoflRaptor I keep my comeback book in my back pocket at all times. Never know when it'll be needed
 -> Not ALL times
MiskaPhillip: RT @VRWCTexan: .@MaryfromMarin Disagree-IMO Obama has for all intensive purposes diminished (stained) the US presidency on the global stage…
 -> Not ALL purposes
micaela_garcia9: The bad thing bout feeling someone is they have control over ur emotions.. like anything they do or say affects ur attitude at all times
 -> Not ALL times
julieyxn: RT @SoDamnTrue: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/fg7MgkZ1WW
 -> Not ALL heroes
TACH_S_J: I don't believe all men are cheaters..
 -> Not ALL men
MicaelaFianza: all my people on the floor
 -> Not ALL people
jdfrqhr: I can't stand being ignored when I know that person is texting other people like lol no I want to be your number 1 priority at all times
 -> Not ALL times
WilliamGerstner: @Ubisoft lowers graphics and frame rate for Farcry 4 claiming they "want the same graphical quality" on all platforms. #ubishit
 -> Not ALL platforms
Dealtfate: When you live the way I do and don't choose sides you regularly get dumped on by everyone. They call me a pussy. Lies all lies.
 -> Not ALL lies
liIburnout: im happy i realized i can snapchat shilo its how i want all my conversations to take place
 -> Not ALL conversations
aimeemaresky13: I love it when all my friends are busy and I'm stuck at home
 -> Not ALL friends
TheAustinCaron: "@Christianna24: I always open all my snapchats at once and send the same pic to everyone back😂😂"
 -> Not ALL snapchats
kaitlynicole16: RT @2015Seniors: PSA to all girls https://t.co/huH3hsiv4B
 -> Not ALL girls
Caitlin_Gray17: I miss all my sissies 😔 #deltazeta
 -> Not ALL sissies
DavidField15: RT @albertarabbit: #Harper &amp; #CPC may have self inflicted a fatal wound on themselves today. All we need to do us get all oppositions to ba…
 -> Not ALL oppositions
brxttvnx: I really just want all my friends to be happy, hate to see them upset... especially when it's over a nigga that's not even worth their time.
 -> Not ALL friends
LouAPinto: Now that all my followers have muted me I would like to apologize
 -> Not ALL followers
_elsanchez: "Give me the liberty to know, to utter, and to argue freely according to conscience, above all liberties." John Milton
 -> Not ALL liberties
PattyyDoll: Feel like I should delete all my social media accounts &amp;' stay MIA for a while ..
 -> Not ALL media
RivasReggie: RT @katvalle_: Me after all my regents http://t.co/O08ivII0xG
 -> Not ALL regents
oka_mimi: RT @OfficialTezz: Not all black girls are ghetto😒
 -> Not ALL girls
smbgm: honestly toronto's skyline pictures destroy all other cities
 -> Not ALL cities
aboriginaltweet: RT @JorgeBarrera: AFN Alberta regional chief Alexis says there is a need " for a balanced approach agreeable by all parties at the table" o…
 -> Not ALL parties
nataliecba: don't wanna give you all my pieces
 -> Not ALL pieces
fkslioncb: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
kimewenn: RT @AdviceToWriters: Realist dialogue doesn’t exist. We are all actors and we all play roles.
 -> Not ALL actors
charrybloussoms: RT @colouredharry: harry is so beautiful and special we must protect him at all costs from the big bad world
 -> Not ALL costs
AntonellaCami10: @justinbieber feel that you are all layers without inportar what anyone else ♥ Y love you justin♥
 -> Not ALL layers
Michelle_Seann: Usually after it all chips off so I don't have to use polish remover.
 -> Not ALL chips
Becca_Warren_: RT @OfficialTezz: Not all black girls are ghetto😒
 -> Not ALL girls
fayhart101: calling all courageous souls to take the summer off http://t.co/tNNVBIQNQj xox
 -> Not ALL souls
myharrybaby_: RT @Ashton5SOS: Father figures can be all different types of wonderful people! So happy Father's Day (as of 5 minutes ago lol) x
 -> Not ALL types
Chaplainmuir: RT @WoodReid: I pray for boldness for all my brothers and sisters in Christ tonight! God set them on fire with your mighty spirit! #bodylife
 -> Not ALL brothers
thegreatbobo: @tazcat2011 FL does not require all guns be sold by a FFL dealer. You do understand that right? @damnedifiknow72 @Sparticus33W
 -> Not ALL guns
mlongo123: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
nutKASE_: wow hillary clinton is the bae of all baes
 -> Not ALL baes
Samichmayo: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
RealJoshConklin: Good luck to all my brethrens taking the trig regents tomorrow
 -> Not ALL brethrens
Neon_wolverine: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
LeonelleGattie: Don't be insecure. You don't need makeup or nice clothes to be considered beautiful, all girls are beautiful in their own ways.
 -> Not ALL girls
Soldier4Christ2: RT @WoodReid: I pray for boldness for all my brothers and sisters in Christ tonight! God set them on fire with your mighty spirit! #bodylife
 -> Not ALL brothers
closetcalvin: Other observations: Prior to receiving the Lord's Supper they fenced the table, as appropriate; but in a GA? Are not all elders believers?
 -> Not ALL elders
its_yuyu_pie: O.M.G @saddletrap You retweeted all my tweets about Yeliz Kuvanci thank u so much :') ☺
 -> Not ALL tweets
iTennor: @GoonBag11  is favoriting all my tweets, something is getting serious between us ;)
 -> Not ALL tweets
Sabria_Cuervo: RT @llAboutBenji: Free all my niggas doing time⏰
 -> Not ALL niggas
hiymoni: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
I hope you can read this letter by all jonas fans and realize that we stayed. http:…
 -> Not ALL jonas
Lul_Nutt: @_Teondriaa Favoriting all my tweets literally all of em
 -> Not ALL tweets
SocieteBrewing: Uh, Yum RT@amihoexperience: Sunday we are celebrating @societebrewing with a 4 course pairing. It all starts at 12pm…http://t.co/xVZRp5HQ9P
 -> Not ALL starts
laurenmcm4: “@Katetay12: @laurenmcm4 hail and farewell all other baes. There can only be one.” &amp; I am bae #BowDownToBae
 -> Not ALL baes
I hope you can read this letter by all jonas fans and realize that we stayed. http:…
 -> Not ALL jonas
ASVPxLVNEx13: RT @isaac_flores: @ASVPxLVNEx13 the world is all yours my man
 -> Not ALL yours
JusticeTsar_X: I encourage all supporters who send mail to Jahar, Dias, and Azamat to write Khairullozhon as well. He has no family in America right now.
 -> Not ALL supporters
FloTramontano: RT @MicaelaFianza: all my people on the floor
 -> Not ALL people
OddlyBaaased: Lord knows I be struggling when I'm in the pool and all my friends are chillin in the middle of the deep end and I'm chillin on the wall 😩😂
 -> Not ALL friends
_justbeingbri: RT @_omgitsjanel: If we text and you spell come like "kum" or "cum" I will cut off all ties with you.
 -> Not ALL ties
loveeyourself_: It's all types of shit on my TL that has me DEADDD💀💀😅
 -> Not ALL types
Yaysbrothekeepr: RT @ksdreamchaser: Be thankful at all times
 -> Not ALL times
bieberocklive: RT @tbhjuststop: beauty comes in all shapes &amp; sizes http://t.co/KEOAZzfMfA
 -> Not ALL shapes
arisari_rusher: RT @HeffronDrive: Happy Fathers Day to all dads!
 -> Not ALL dads
FlexinDede: RT @llAboutBenji: Free all my niggas doing time⏰
 -> Not ALL niggas
qhgcnnya: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
loserboystyles: all my tweets are so pointless
 -> Not ALL tweets
ChaplainRob: RT @ricktnr4evr: Thanks to all my new followers, and new twitter fans !! http://t.co/Vz6khUFWfJ
 -> Not ALL followers
kryssiikins1: @Viscous_Shear @.@ i didnt know how interesting i was till i started my research and found out all kinds of stuff i wonder if thats normal
 -> Not ALL kinds
dferl21: Seriously all seniors be there idc if you need to swim in yo bra and panties lets go
 -> Not ALL seniors
obey__skyler: I cannot wait to see all my favorites next year 😍
 -> Not ALL favorites
Miller_TimeNow: @TKnezek it's an all guys slow pitch league.
 -> Not ALL guys
Ian_Joseph99: RT @silvestri26: “@UberFacts: Studies have found that men who watch porn have smaller and weaker brains.” So all men have small weak brains
 -> Not ALL men
charismamelo: RT @jaiLaberge: I just wanna go camping with all my friends &amp; forget about the bad stuff that happened this year
 -> Not ALL friends
katiekelley1991: It must be summer because all my customers want to come shopping at 5 to. You had a full 14 hours of this store being open to shop. Go away.
 -> Not ALL customers
PearlRunningDee: RT @AaronOConnell: Just looking through all my photos and I'm eating in half of them. Going for a run after tonight's episode of #HAHN! 😳
 -> Not ALL photos
xoalexandraaaa: “@__KingRobert: my @ name is all thanks to @xoalexandraaaa 🙏🙏👏👏👏” 💁💗
 -> Not ALL thanks
xReApErDeAdLyG: I wish I had what all couples have... Someone to call their own
 -> Not ALL couples
ridhaarrw: RT @Intan_hye: #openfollow for all kpopers Retweet/RT juseyo. esp ELF, Army, Exotic, Sone, Baby, Angels. Yg liat di TL bantu Retweet
 -> Not ALL kpopers
RindaRay: RT @chanelpuke: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/EhLTzvz06n
 -> Not ALL heroes
hhzrabs: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
_emilijaaa_: I know for a fact I failed all my finals 😂
 -> Not ALL finals
beelzebud27: Is it too much to ask that all people just fuck off?
 -> Not ALL people
Brilalaaa: “@UberFacts: Studies have found that men who watch porn have smaller and weaker brains” Which means all men weak, like I said before
 -> Not ALL men
mermaidsloveme_: I lost all my hoes thanks to @King_Miller10 😩
 -> Not ALL hoes
Frank_TheBarber: “@Crotch0_0Watcha: Maggie just setting up all types of thirst traps. #HAHN”&lt;| All the way
 -> Not ALL types
abingman14: RT @Caitlin_Gray17: I miss all my sissies 😔 #deltazeta
 -> Not ALL sissies
ShoutSourpatch: Note to all boys: When she's truly upset and says goodbye don't actually leave her alone cause trust me she doesn't want you to
 -> Not ALL boys
_ObeyMySOLE: RT @_AlexWoods28: Got to get some all black vans man .. Before I leave for school
 -> Not ALL vans
ashgirljo: RT @_AmyOfficial_: @imagine_5SOS__ is it weird that i want to show all my friends this, and tell them about #naughty5sos but they'll all ju…
 -> Not ALL friends
_Precious__Love: RT @SunjaiW: Stressing over how life gonna turn out in all areas but GOD's got a plan for me I'll be straight 🙏✊👌🙌
 -> Not ALL areas
mejia_8: Imma miss all my boys when I move 😓😪
 -> Not ALL boys
_SlimLowkey: He Put "Thank you" in all caps
 -> Not ALL caps
deppstyIes: it's all shits and giggles with the water throwing but juice nah man I don't play that
 -> Not ALL shits
Ayo_JuicyJay: RT @GuruJeremy: I've honestly given up all hopes on a relationship. I'm too wild... I can't control myself I lack discipline
 -> Not ALL hopes
GTJinkyung: My job to cooking for all members oppar(?)
 -> Not ALL members
TweetLotto05093: They who give have all things; they who withhold have nothing.
 -> Not ALL things
ItsBrianNotAkon: Tweet of the yr RT @GuruJeremy: I've honestly given up all hopes on a relationship. I'm too wild... I can't control myself I lack discipline
 -> Not ALL hopes
Aloha_Gabs: To all my niggas... holding back your life
 -> Not ALL niggas
_kalikaa: RT @lmJustHonest: all girls have been through this http://t.co/0Z3qVUR0Kz
 -> Not ALL girls
RosemondeStretc: I want to refresh my mind, clear all my problems and just have fun with life.
 -> Not ALL problems
ChaseBankUS: RT @ThatOneGuyKevin: Post a pic of your favorite shoes? — I love all my children equally http://t.co/CsHhG2w8ja
 -> Not ALL children
KillamLoven: “@CodieLarsen: Yooo “@iLGDaily: Knockers from http://t.co/8J1WsKi9dO http://t.co/Fjy71HhHDV”” whores... They're all whores
 -> Not ALL whores
Angelo_Pulvino: RT @silvestri26: “@UberFacts: Studies have found that men who watch porn have smaller and weaker brains.” So all men have small weak brains
 -> Not ALL men
ichakzombi3: Anything that has to do with sports is so uninteresting to me all people do is fight over a ball on a different field with different people.
 -> Not ALL people
PILLAImk: Sheila aunty dont come back to Delhi. Be there in Kerala where all disgruntled communists leave when China running a #meglave at 500km/hr
 -> Not ALL communists
kaylamaide: Don't say you need me when you leave and you leave again. I'm stronger than all my men. Except for you.
 -> Not ALL men
Leforeign_: 25% of all men are unstable
 -> Not ALL men
This_effin_guy: Black people may act in all caps but we know when it's time to cool out
 -> Not ALL caps
peacoatseason: sometimes i misspell a word in all caps so when i misspell it again letter it autocorrects it to the same misspelling but just in all caps
 -> Not ALL caps
AnalezaC: Whys my cousin gotta steal all my boyfriends?
 -> Not ALL boyfriends
angrybirds5150: RT @PRichS10: Cut out all distractions.
 -> Not ALL distractions
Areeahnaa_: RT @SoDamnTrue: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/fg7MgkZ1WW
 -> Not ALL heroes
pilgrimage circuit by connecting all places
 -> Not ALL places
JessiDreamer26: @fredericah20 are all my tweets like that?
 -> Not ALL tweets
OhSierraRae: love that my family all blazes together, thassss love.
 -> Not ALL blazes
ClaytonCraddock: In my totalitarian utopia, all ringtones are to be outlawed. If one is heard DURING A SHOW, off with your head! #ringtoneshaming
 -> Not ALL ringtones
HONEYMIKEY: RT @Ashton5SOS: Father figures can be all different types of wonderful people! So happy Father's Day (as of 5 minutes ago lol) x
 -> Not ALL types
nataliecba: don't wanna give you all my demons
 -> Not ALL demons
PrytGrl: Hurt resonates more than anger....Time heals all wounds!!!
 -> Not ALL wounds
kevvyg: @NihilarianZH and in nearly all cases, 4 copies. One copy on both parties PCs and one copy on both servers.
 -> Not ALL cases
imonTUNECHIside: Trae call hisself ' seeing where I'm at , at all times ' 😭 it's cute tho ☺️
 -> Not ALL times
Chakeenah: @osPatriot I lived through the Kennedy and Reagan shootings.  I hope all Presidents are well protected.
 -> Not ALL Presidents
tearujyuu: this guy... keeps messaging me... i know you're friends with all my friends but no i dont want to be your friend just stop
 -> Not ALL friends
95Swiftie: @TaylorTalk13 just listened to your last podcast and u guys talked abt all social guests guests tht went and Gery Light Body went to Sac
 -> Not ALL guests
sami_2099_: Almost all moms should be BANNED from using Facebook
 -> Not ALL moms
Raptures_Delite: RT @AnnaxxVicious: Soooo all men? RT @UberFacts: Studies have found that men who watch porn have smaller and weaker brains.
 -> Not ALL men
liddo_nhi: RT @deadgrlz: the biggest babe of all babes http://t.co/ZzhH5lLcq9
 -> Not ALL babes
fly1ngsc0tsman: It’s easy to blame altitude. Away teams in all sports have issues with it in Denver. But something else is amiss. #GoCity
 -> Not ALL sports
stayweird_10: &amp; I finished all my other shows lol.
 -> Not ALL shows
lejla_lolic: @bekahgraham excuse me but I think it's about time you publicly declare your love for all things bosnian...
 -> Not ALL things
keanna_mendoza: @phamethekid HAHAH and you just got your new spot too. damn. but yeah shit does happen. txt me. new phone. lost all my contacts
 -> Not ALL contacts
Leitoo_Acosta: Esta frio como la cancha de all gays
 -> Not ALL gays
tgkhisr: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
lxvedrunkharry: RT @colouredharry: harry is so beautiful and special we must protect him at all costs from the big bad world
 -> Not ALL costs
Niatiye: RT @mikaylatology: "Men: Not all men.
 -> Not ALL men
Men to their daughters: Yes, all men. Every single one of them."
 -> Not ALL men
GaglioMariah: RT @benoy_natalie: I love hanging out with all my friends. ❤️ #thanks
 -> Not ALL friends
Tess_delaney: @JacquelineMaee don't be. The job sucks 😒 I just like I get to see all my boyfriends sometimes. 😍😍
 -> Not ALL boyfriends
__qveenkekee: RT @OfficialTezz: Not all black girls are ghetto😒
 -> Not ALL girls
PeterCBC: Sure Texas is all smiles now. Just wait until they have to drink the Black Horse!
 -> Not ALL smiles
BadAzz_Kyrah: The phone works all ways. Face to face work all goddamn types of ways. If you ain' throwing them hands, then be real. 👌
 -> Not ALL ways
ihoop_tone24: RT @live_world_108: I wanna see all my niggas eating 🍴💯
 -> Not ALL niggas
taylorchenette: Why do all my jeans seem to suddenly be too big..
 -> Not ALL jeans
liaapeguero: RT @_emilijaaa_: I know for a fact I failed all my finals 😂
 -> Not ALL finals
Legit_bang: Attention all memes: help me find a bae and I'll be your best friend
 -> Not ALL memes
Felixcarlsson6: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
daniellerrrr: ready to fail all my finals :-)
 -> Not ALL finals
atsbeesa: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
Rogue_Beaver: RT @JorgeBarrera: AFN Alberta regional chief Alexis says there is a need " for a balanced approach agreeable by all parties at the table" o…
 -> Not ALL parties
_fai_ries: RT @OfficialTezz: Not all black girls are ghetto😒
 -> Not ALL girls
racheelchaang: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
bnrordiz: and i feel happy bc i really don't like hayward, but all my friends are here... 😐😕
 -> Not ALL friends
Sascha_Agostini: RT @VincenzoTheCatt: Just finished editing all my pictures from the shoot! Gotta give a S/O to @Sascha_Agostini &amp; @IamNotFamousYet for alwa…
 -> Not ALL pictures
namikoja: all supervisors have left to attend First Aid Seminar, so I've got nothing to do, hehe goyang kaki~
 -> Not ALL supervisors
MopJoseph: RT @imX_RAYted: Yo when me and all my bros  get together it's a RAP 🌐
 -> Not ALL bros
SherlineLauren: Promise me you'll never forget all times we spent together and promise me no one will take my place in your heart.
 -> Not ALL times
Notadocbuta: "I ain't talking bout Chief Keef or Lil Reese, but all my niggas keep heat, a lil piece wit a drum on that bitch, no chicken, all beef"-Meek
 -> Not ALL niggas
Bignettle: RT @Jesthedino: when I say respect all creatures I do not include fleas.  In their case I fill the house with Elder leaves most effect flea…
 -> Not ALL creatures
dianrsl: RT @Marshatimothy2: ❤️RT @_VinoGBastian:Di mlm Nifsu Sya'ban ini sy &amp;Marsha mohon maaf lahir batin @VinoGB_friends &amp;all flwrs,kl ada salah …
 -> Not ALL flwrs
AdoreLou22: RT @colouredharry: harry is so beautiful and special we must protect him at all costs from the big bad world
 -> Not ALL costs
LissMichelle: RT @SassyGirlCode: How all girls sleep http://t.co/z1HOMiQbYI
 -> Not ALL girls
SMos59: Ok David, if you had any doubt, Maggie just erased all traces of it.  #HAHN
 -> Not ALL traces
sydney_manukyan: RT @anoushiik_: “@chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/WUNnxFUGDm” true
 -> Not ALL heroes
NotSoCobain: @fuckloveheroin But all my friends are going to this party. Mom, pleaseeee.
 -> Not ALL friends
DeirdreDanell: Here's to the guys who treat their girls the right way. Not all guys are jerks.
 -> Not ALL guys
alyse3116: RT @TheRecruitChair: Attention all females: it's time to start going down on your guy. Here's why - from a lady &gt;&gt; http://t.co/6X1HHOGBI2
 -> Not ALL females
JobInvite95945: Worry is a think stream of fear which, if encouraged, becomes a wide channel into which all other thoughts flow
 -> Not ALL thoughts
kharpzzz: Excited for my commute to work tomorrow bc I am going to listen to all my old CDs since I can now in my new car. It's going to get emotional
 -> Not ALL CDs
mspurple360: RT @J14Magazine: New crush alert! Hottie @SpencerBoldman from @DisneyChannel's #Zapped is all sorts of amazing. 😍 http://t.co/LTsZYUKqnQ
 -> Not ALL sorts
adolffwolfhi1: klugg snaps kicks compound hearing pops bones drums lemon fist iraq murdered that boy family brothers fist rocky white boob all kids death
 -> Not ALL kids
Lainie_P: Owned leg day today.  Maxin out on all my reps?!  I'm pretty proud of that.  K bye felicia 👋
 -> Not ALL reps
kazonomics: @coindextrous @btcdotcom @btcdrak u think those dumps don't happen on all scales for the exact same logic? 😎 it's all the same
 -> Not ALL scales
VINNIESWE: I'm too warm out to GAF on all matters tho
 -> Not ALL matters
hazzsmilex: RT @colouredharry: harry is so beautiful and special we must protect him at all costs from the big bad world
 -> Not ALL costs
KaliGunz_MFC: online… new naughty school girl vid available… HT wins all vids tonight!
 -> Not ALL vids
BaconBitsBitch: RT @_swaggiestef: "Feminists just want to kill off all men!!!" http://t.co/TRJhmQzVu3
 -> Not ALL men
beautifulMeesh_: July is going to be my month 🙏🙌. I am claiming all my blessings not just on social media but every time I have a talk with God.👏👌💯
 -> Not ALL blessings
lindsay_longx3: Are you religious? Cause you're the answer to all my prayers.
 -> Not ALL prayers
likeaboss24_: Okay it's Wyandotte rec not the MLB we can lose all games and still win playoffs so stop it
 -> Not ALL games
KAD_RealKAD: RT @meRelationship: All men aren't dogs, all women aren't female dogs.
 -> Not ALL women
jaylawindon3: RT @RealConfidence_: all girls lay like this 😂😂 http://t.co/QO2qJ7AyQ9
 -> Not ALL girls
sharmileee: @bjpmember @narendramodi To get country back on track PM is taking all possible steps to rebuild strong,progressive,enlighten India
 -> Not ALL steps
KarleeLll: I love how all my friends replace me.  Wow😖
 -> Not ALL friends
FireofGod01: RT @WoodReid: I pray for boldness for all my brothers and sisters in Christ tonight! God set them on fire with your mighty spirit! #bodylife
 -> Not ALL brothers
ardaneadanea: Beatbox in da morning, all thnks to brunowowow
 -> Not ALL thnks
ForEvaTwenty4: @regboners @justafrarygirl @fraryfied i think all regboners should step it up and all get "Tony's"
 -> Not ALL regboners
utsukushisugi: I kinda get all nervous cos I want the keychain that only the first preorders include ahh
 -> Not ALL cos
tata_cuernos: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
This goes out to all my peeps in Iraq, May you all know peace soon.
 -> Not ALL peeps
oplangb: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
Leitoo_Acosta: Gaby gato de all gays
 -> Not ALL gays
dude_austin: I bet you are making all kinds of potential "friends".
 -> Not ALL kinds
HACPConnect: RT @COTAAustralia: Is working until 70 the answer to our ageing society? Find out at #cotaforum 2014 Making an Australia for all ages http:…
 -> Not ALL ages
BFlawed: RT @basic_yours: To all my haters http://t.co/eqDlWWzXHm
 -> Not ALL haters
leslichic2: RT @AaronOConnell: Just looking through all my photos and I'm eating in half of them. Going for a run after tonight's episode of #HAHN! 😳
 -> Not ALL photos
Ivanv1: @freedomnow72 @gretawire you may replace the names by all magical things in the forest. May as well. it is all made believe, according toher
 -> Not ALL things
ElginILJobs: Elgin, IL - Residential Driver - Republic Services: endorsement • Must meet all qualifications as defined unde... http://t.co/rDVfk7oayj
 -> Not ALL qualifications
Abby_Alvrz: RT @JacobGauthe: I wish all of you would rt and fav all my tweets 💙
 -> Not ALL tweets
RobZillaVision: RT @Marrakechmole: Noble Drew Ali tells us That all men now must worship under their own vine [Ancestry] &amp; fig Tree [Nationality, Linage or…
 -> Not ALL men
shopinweb: My @RebelMouse is full of all things #SaveTheArctic and #hawaii, check it out! http://t.co/WGVf5p4F0D
 -> Not ALL things
KmetzShelby: RT @mcullen1499: I'll just let all my feelings out on tumblr bc i know nobody will ever see
 -> Not ALL feelings
Madison_0404: RT @chanelpuke: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/EhLTzvz06n
 -> Not ALL heroes
arin_forstadt: RT @ashluvsyoux3: Hate that all my friends are pretty and skinny and I'm just like the awkward potato that tagged along
 -> Not ALL friends
Gr8aLindy: RT @Thinke: “@PraiseFMRadio: Not all things in this world are good, but as we trust in God, he can work all things for our good."
 -> Not ALL things
Kanishago9: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
_WOOOOAH_: RT @Nisss_Love: Not all black girls are ghetto😒
 -> Not ALL girls
JrcheneyJohn: @irritatedwoman I saw an article earlier today saying IRS law requires that all emails &amp; correspondence within the IRS must have a hard copy
 -> Not ALL emails
mdaisey: @TheKevinAllison Oh it all turns to scat eventually.
 -> Not ALL turns
soldoutposters: RT @f_francavilla: With LONE RANGER #25 out tomorrow &amp; concluding this run, here's a look at all my covers (including the LR/Zorro mini) ht…
 -> Not ALL covers
skylerneri: “@MalibuCaliboo: Tonight of all nights...”
 -> Not ALL nights
bulllaw: I knew Sterling would do this.  He’s hired people to get dirt on all owners of NBA and the commissioner.  What are odds he finds some?
 -> Not ALL owners
Treveoso: don't know what I'm wearing to this paintball thing . Ain't trynna wear all hoodies if it's hot af lbs
 -> Not ALL hoodies
Follow all retweeters! ✅✅✅        3.) 
 -> Not ALL retweeters
yoyiibrahim: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
livvymcdonut: all things bright and beautiful by owl city is the best album in existence tbh
 -> Not ALL things
HHojnowski: Im sorry for anyone I have ever hurt. Im sorry if I've done something that makes you hate/dislike me. I just want all my friends again.
 -> Not ALL friends
I_SkeetedOnHer: I be in the bathroom beating all high scores when I'm on the toilet 😂😂
 -> Not ALL scores
msftxbieber: RT @biebcx: to all my unfollowers i hope your mom disconnects ur wifi 😛
 -> Not ALL unfollowers
dulcejtotheg: @Jazzieeee17 that all sounds so good rn someone needs to invent a food truck w all that!
 -> Not ALL sounds
makeitrainbrie: @cjnowlen it would solve all my problems
 -> Not ALL problems
am_hunt: RT @chanelpuke: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/EhLTzvz06n
 -> Not ALL heroes
__alexiaaa0922: Saved all photos to my computer because I am not fucking around with the "Not Enough Storage" message during an epic song.
 -> Not ALL photos
TrautnerAngie: RT @KirstenPark: "The way he looked at her was the way all girls want to be looked at."
 -> Not ALL girls
loganbre_: 💯"@IgnoranTeenager: The fact that I haven't seen/did anything with Logan or Andrew since the last day of school is all types of stupid."
 -> Not ALL types
Maryalices40: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
Di63Kathy: @BetteMidler the "caftan" wow I love that term. Hides all sins and looks great !
 -> Not ALL sins
jennaduzs8: RT @Tylerfergusonn0: If you don't like soccer and you're going to complain, you should probably delete all social media for the next month
 -> Not ALL media
MarcMwenyezi: @littlethinqs @systemofadown @SmashingPumpkin @ChiliPeppers are all reasons to smile too..
 -> Not ALL reasons
afifahfarastya: RT @fenamjim: #openfollow for all kpopers yang ramah, anti fanwar, fangirl/fanboy. help retweet juseyoooo^^
 -> Not ALL kpopers
VeeKillEm_: RT @OfficialTezz: Not all black girls are ghetto😒
 -> Not ALL girls
bekahgraham: RT @lejla_lolic: @bekahgraham excuse me but I think it's about time you publicly declare your love for all things bosnian...
 -> Not ALL things
pinkee_ee: @CuriousKike lol it's just you make me nervous and i just have to tell you all my secrets lol jk
 -> Not ALL secrets
whyalwaysmay: RT @chanelpuke: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/EhLTzvz06n
 -> Not ALL heroes
cibc: @neek247 Thank you for bringing this to our attention! We are working diligently to resolve any and all technical issues. ^PC
 -> Not ALL issues
jasonofchilds: (spoiler alert) coolest part of the June 7 @rereaders is how @samtwyfordmoore knows at 3:11 that all spoilers will be done by 17:31 exactly!
 -> Not ALL spoilers
Brie_O: Just as high school started getting really good and amazing..we realize it all ends in 2 days 😞😭
 -> Not ALL ends
_kayyyy_: RT @lexoticc: me and all my friends shady #sorrynotsorry 🌴
 -> Not ALL friends
jongin94day: I just got rid of all my tweets with one click. Try http://t.co/aRZKVt3tPq
 -> Not ALL tweets
lmroody: RT @itsjeffreymusic: where are all my followers from?🙊😋🌍🌎🌏
 -> Not ALL followers
Jesus_and_Love: Eph 4:15 but, speaking the truth in love, may grow up in all things into Him who is the head Christ
 -> Not ALL things
I_HadYo_Mama: Burnin all my problems, put that in wind!
 -> Not ALL problems
Br1vn: RT @nicekicks: Football Kingdom Collection running out of sizes on all models.  Lots of action this morning for this pack. http://t.co/gyT3…
 -> Not ALL models
ghgvisserio: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
itsme_mms: wondering why almost all men nowadays cheat on their girlfriends
 -> Not ALL men
Boss_Crew_Qua: I'm sippin on muddy all my niggas eating Nd I love it
 -> Not ALL niggas
Kourtneyxxoo: RT @laurxmxrano: This is something all guys should live by #TreatGirlsWithMoreRespect
 -> Not ALL guys
Switz03: “@SMikulyuk: @Switz03 are you going to throw another TD pass this year? Preferably against State or Duke.” I'm Savin all my passes for them
 -> Not ALL passes
GodWalk7: Remember: if our heart condemn us, God is greater than our heart &amp; knoweth all things. He knows just what we need @ all times. #Faith #wiyh
 -> Not ALL things
ashirtleturtle: RT @Girly_Pictures: Not all heroes wear capes ✊ http://t.co/4d4gqCPAKz
 -> Not ALL heroes
DanGranger_92: For all captains, how stressful is it working with siblings? how do you deal with conflicts etc? Dan, Norwich England #CatchLive
 -> Not ALL captains
MLK730: @__Mighty__kid7 shh you're the stranger of all strangers lately ✋
 -> Not ALL strangers
bloomingf8: RT @JustinaLovesJC: Goal: 130? Maybe probably not by tonight haha but we will see. Love all my followers, they are so kind and caring❤️
 -> Not ALL followers
JBeuckelaere35: Tomorrow would have just been a horrible day seeing all my friends go to Luke Bryan, but thanks to Lauren, Its gonna be a fun wednesday😉👌💯
 -> Not ALL friends
megenfkingkelly: I've felt all kinds of pain in my life. But nothing compares to the pain of losing someone
 -> Not ALL kinds
Brianna_gall: You fill my heart with gladness, take away all my sadness, ease my troubles that's what you do💙💙💙 http://t.co/OT5jYJXyZs
 -> Not ALL sadness
SDavld: @CJMcCoy19 awesome pix ...I hope he's following you now...he's missing out on all kinds of great posts...
 -> Not ALL kinds
Fameous_: “@sean_cns: Rondonumber9 girl 😍😍😍😍” lol when we get on, she all yours 😂
 -> Not ALL yours
AidaKapica: @hollytaylorr_ lol I got a 3 on like all my essays :)) and my teacher puts them on pupilpath and their a 60 so it also fucks up my grade 👍
 -> Not ALL essays
wood_sydney2: Is there some rule that all bassists must be attractive
 -> Not ALL bassists
brynn_elise: RT @SabrinasPerfect: all boys do is make me want to smoke cigarettes and/or break things they're so fucking stupid
 -> Not ALL boys
WayneEdward1: •If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. - I John 1:9
 -> Not ALL unrighteousness
jayceparrish: @Noah_Dingerson all girls say that 😉
 -> Not ALL girls
WhaddupCox: RT @obey__skyler: I cannot wait to see all my favorites next year 😍
 -> Not ALL favorites
BrookeZalud: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
Fattyma16: Silence is the soul of all things.
 -> Not ALL things
ocuriekalr: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
brooke_nicole39: @_dianagrace7 he's just like all boys, needs some time to grow up❤️❤️❤️❤️
 -> Not ALL boys
KawarthaPremium: Our highly dedicated taste test team tirelessly nibbles, chews, &amp; approves all products before theyre put on shelves http://t.co/DMIQRSB0kY
 -> Not ALL products
arldancer: I can do all things through Him who gives me with strength - #peace #faith #nature #Godismyrock https://t.co/ieDX7E7mMI
 -> Not ALL things
_Briannaaaaa02: a girls twitter is full of all hints
 -> Not ALL hints
SueeWoo_: Reset my phone &amp; lost all my contacts lol
 -> Not ALL contacts
mz_kendrat: Thats what all moms say. #ChasingLife
 -> Not ALL moms
TaylorRozema: Thanks driscolli20  for blowing up my phone you are like my friends and like all my pictures http://t.co/wlogqH6TPs
 -> Not ALL pictures
treeceMiller: RT @Prince_Madness1: Love is a universal language that all humans can understand.
 -> Not ALL humans
TickleMeFunny1: #7 is my favorite. The second Hokage rules!  - Tobirama Senju Doesn't Get Enough Recognition   - See all images:... http://t.co/IkS5IomURd
 -> Not ALL images
mystical mystery 4 all ages
 -> Not ALL ages
astridgpc751: �Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes
 -> Not ALL fortunes
mark_watton: RT @PeterCBC: Sure Texas is all smiles now. Just wait until they have to drink the Black Horse!
 -> Not ALL smiles
lovely_griselda: RT @JacobGauthe: I wish all of you would rt and fav all my tweets 💙
 -> Not ALL tweets
KelitekGaming: @OodiGames I'm pretty much good on all times.
 -> Not ALL times
itsPolliePop: M2AMUT: CW LaRon Landry (97) &amp; FA Maurice Jones-Drew (97) are currently available for trade! I'm open to all options on 96+ ratings!
 -> Not ALL options
EmilyEagle3: RT @occupythemob: Suddenly all my problems are so little. http://t.co/34lzZGdtpG
 -> Not ALL problems
SovereignBeard: “@arcticanwxar: let's be honest here. all American cities suck compared to London.”
 -> Not ALL cities
Newmominspired: RT @PittPitt74: Great Gift ideas for all occasions! http://t.co/elt9PoDxVX #Birthday #Wedding #Anniversary #Baby #Gift #Ideas #TeamFollowWa…
 -> Not ALL occasions
speakOnSHAY__: @theylovezann I deleted all my messages idk if you texted last or not
 -> Not ALL messages
yamiii_edith: RT @lil_vannie48: Getting lazy enough to not text at all ? But can get on all social media ? Yeah no that's the most dumbest excuse ever ✌️
 -> Not ALL media
godlydorsey: RT @Gennesys_Dorsey: “@AustinMahone: @britbieber607 it all starts with a follow back and then a slide into the dms!” LNFAO WHAT
 -> Not ALL starts
Dexter0202: Almost all moms should be BANNED from using Facebook
 -> Not ALL moms
heykaelyn: I wish all artists made music videos for every song on their album so I could watch / listen to it when I'm bored
 -> Not ALL artists
DoYouChief: Free Shipping on all orders from http://t.co/8mwIrfL4Hm #doyouchief #420lover #420friendly
 -> Not ALL orders
MelanieLynn97: all my friendships are basically passive aggressive hatred.
 -> Not ALL friendships
So... all men?
 -> Not ALL men
jessica18776817: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
Alexiagarcia27: RT @JacobGauthe: I wish all of you would rt and fav all my tweets 💙
 -> Not ALL tweets
Wifellie: No problem is insoluble in all conceivable circumstances.
 -> Not ALL circumstances
Enjoy_Kay: RT @NikePsyche: I think all girls are crazy I just think the levels vary
 -> Not ALL girls
shomastew: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
RobbiePantoja: God loves all my niggas
 -> Not ALL niggas
DVNY2: RT @Brazilian_Boss: Anyone can have sex, it's mindless. A connection on all levels is important to keep me interested
 -> Not ALL levels
alexiskohler1: RT @lmJustHonest: all girls have been through this http://t.co/0Z3qVUR0Kz
 -> Not ALL girls
emma_gassett: Physically can't go up and down stairs as a human because the pain is unbearable. I'll be on all fours until Tarzan opens 🐒
 -> Not ALL fours
Skeyes_13: RT @2015Seniors: PSA to all girls https://t.co/huH3hsiv4B
 -> Not ALL girls
saddletrap: RT @its_yuyu_pie: O.M.G @saddletrap You retweeted all my tweets about Yeliz Kuvanci thank u so much :') ☺
 -> Not ALL tweets
infinitepm: FOR SALE! Opportunity Knocks Don't Miss It! Submit all offers! http://t.co/fSS1i4W7f5
 -> Not ALL offers
Sleeproni: I think seeing all my friends tn will do me some good 😁😋
 -> Not ALL friends
BobDaBuilder89: Wish I could find all my old CDs with gogo on em
 -> Not ALL CDs
relaxingu: u hv no fear allah, u r doing it 4him? (free of all needs?)wht abt police if u r threatening her family/abusing her. @PreventW @ShaistaGohir
 -> Not ALL needs
MyTermz: I know that's right David. A faithful man...love it @tylerperry #HAHN all men don't cheat @OWNTV @OWNTVFans
 -> Not ALL men
alliftmatty: Ewwwww all my selfies are so ugly what am I supposes to do for my icon
 -> Not ALL selfies
mcun_: all monsters are human  http://t.co/q6naAnt4FP
 -> Not ALL monsters
LatinoDem54: @bjs5555 @hpferg1 @veteransunited they don't mind sending us to war to do the dirty work but when we get back all bets are off#YellowRibbon
 -> Not ALL bets
BrownsMakeMeUgh: @markleggett not all men... Did I do that right
 -> Not ALL men
jennaaay09: RT @sororityspeak: When someone says all my drinks are on them http://t.co/9kIP2sBuwP
 -> Not ALL drinks
DonishaJohn: My ride n die niggas luv u all loads € throwback  :) luv dis pic so had to tweet it  $ us http://t.co/7Rw1oESrrz
 -> Not ALL loads
_allforsheda: boutta make her fav &amp; rt all my pics #myahHere💋
 -> Not ALL pics
sean_cns: RT @Fameous_: “@sean_cns: Rondonumber9 girl 😍😍😍😍” lol when we get on, she all yours 😂
 -> Not ALL yours
Well no americans don't love all sports, look at curling and rugby
 -> Not ALL sports
dokeysx: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
PigNaps: @RossLFC95 @RossLFC95 I decided pre KO to do a very simple strategy - back all games to be a draw. Level stake each game regardless of teams
 -> Not ALL games
herdulikefonons: @RElJY yeah idk character/worldbuilding was always something I'd never get bored of so all my ocs had developed backstories and were
 -> Not ALL ocs
xx_reesiee: &amp; all my bitches attractive 💁
 -> Not ALL bitches
FiorellaC10: RT @NiallOfficial: applied for xfactor,hope it all wrks out
 -> Not ALL wrks
HAIRBYKIYA: Non refundable deposit required for all services!!
 -> Not ALL services
IrenaIsCutee: Crazy current bf deleted all pics with ex bf so now I have no memories of my past life
 -> Not ALL pics
Casius_: RT @Hanadi_128: When you believed every word they said to only find out it was all lies.
 -> Not ALL lies
AZbeauty_: I will never have another kid ever again. I rather die. Drink bleach. Brake all my bones in my body before I give birth to another child.
 -> Not ALL bones
ravennaYeollie: RT @fenamjim: #openfollow for all kpopers yang ramah, anti fanwar, fangirl/fanboy. help retweet juseyoooo^^
 -> Not ALL kpopers
fvckandrea: Time heals all wounds
 -> Not ALL wounds
Benji_Villalon: RT @TheRecruitChair: Attention all females: it's time to start going down on your guy. Here's why - from a lady &gt;&gt; http://t.co/6X1HHOGBI2
 -> Not ALL females
posietweets: Rye sourdough &amp; filtered sunlight on my chopping block, is bringing me all kinds of happiness. You're… http://t.co/cA8kOakxCm
 -> Not ALL kinds
namashay: I wanna try all types of cleanses, but they way my bank account is set up....
 -> Not ALL types
CaptainSteez: @Stelly_H stops all animations though.
 -> Not ALL animations
idkimpunkrock: RT @Chanseul31: Raise your hand if you've been locked in your room for hours watching again all 5sos keeks.
 -> Not ALL keeks
lvwsunspid: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
eap96: “@JustinWilson911: If you real girls quote this tweet with a no makeup pic” that's all my pics...
 -> Not ALL pics
thedrkhorse: RT @jamesgtate: Seeing @AdoreeKnows &amp; JuJu Smith participate in the throwing session today has me all sorts of fired up for this season. #U…
 -> Not ALL sorts
bsugirl: RT @myBurbankNEWS: ALERT:Burbank Fire working MAJOR water main break Ontario &amp; Victory all streets in the area closed. The break is inside …
 -> Not ALL streets
ericamarief: RT @chanelpuke: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/EhLTzvz06n
 -> Not ALL heroes
Smileydude689: Yet another graduation to go to. 3rd one this year. Kinda tired of it, but happy for all my cousins.
 -> Not ALL cousins
TrillOg_Malik: I need some mo bucket hats all my shits gone
 -> Not ALL shits
Thesundayshoot: RT @TedOfficialPage: If all women &amp; men were honest with each other &amp; just said how they really feel, there would be less fucking drama.
 -> Not ALL women
Og_Herbie: If you have a boyfriend don't stalk and like all my pics on ig, I'm not gonna do the same out of respect for the dude cuz he with a thot.
 -> Not ALL pics
RossDaniel7: RT @lstowe48: @deb4liberty This sad attempt at diversion is laughable. We still want #JusticeForBenghazi4 &amp; all scandals resolved #ImpeachO…
 -> Not ALL scandals
Blakelaw90: RT @BurkParsons: God works all things together for your good. If the waves roll against you, it only speeds your ship towards the port. Spu…
 -> Not ALL things
ThatMaddenDude: RT @itsPolliePop: M2AMUT: CW LaRon Landry (97) &amp; FA Maurice Jones-Drew (97) are currently available for trade! I'm open to all options on 9…
 -> Not ALL options
_kayyyy_: RT @lexoticc: me and all my friends shady #sorrynotsorry 🌴
 -> Not ALL friends
513Christian: RT @kaynashh: Calling all monroians: let's do hoodrat shit
 -> Not ALL monroians
ZellNappyHead: My head hurt from all dis thinkingin my headis goin on
 -> Not ALL dis
rhgreaj: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
__BMQ: RT @_Hermosa_Dancer: I can do all things thru Christ who strengthens me &amp; God just ain't give me the strength to care anymore 🙊
 -> Not ALL things
NikePsyche: I rather people tell me the whole story upfront with all details and I hate them then try to hide parts of the truth
 -> Not ALL details
itsmaykay_holla: RT @chanelpuke: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/EhLTzvz06n
 -> Not ALL heroes
Kalliebryn: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
DeneeMadison: RT @loveeyourself_: It's all types of shit on my TL that has me DEADDD💀💀😅
 -> Not ALL types
breeeee_h: I can't wait until all my exams are over so I can really enjoy my summer
 -> Not ALL exams
Rosa_Marz: RT @sparklekaz: "We are all strangers to our hidden potential, until we confront problems that reveal our capabilities." Apoorve Dubey
 -> Not ALL strangers
DinoShawn: RT @chanelpuke: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/EhLTzvz06n
 -> Not ALL heroes
nrek77: RT @murphree59: @THE_TNT_TEAM Lord let it be true, remove all obstacles hindering this blessing, #wearethepeople
 -> Not ALL obstacles
HerbShoulders: On all social networks 😂
 -> Not ALL networks
BBehaterord: Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power. ― Abraham Lincoln
 -> Not ALL men
lufgodder: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
RichensJNorma: RT @chrisrock: Check out my recent photo "Hot fun in the summertime" and all my posts on @WhoSay http://t.co/ZAtXHa3Pjk
 -> Not ALL posts
NancyyMathers: Got all my brothers hooked on pretty little lairs
 -> Not ALL brothers
brionna_lynnn13: I miss all my cousins😩👭👬👫👭👬
 -> Not ALL cousins
feelsbcBYE: “@livvymcdonut: all things bright and beautiful by owl city is the best album in existence tbh” true
 -> Not ALL things
Leskitty_: RT @QueenOfChinaa: I just want a nice body so I can wear all types of cute clothes. Lol
 -> Not ALL types
kinkand420: RT @Mokol95: "@nbcagt: Naughty, but nice. #NaughtyJosh @JoshOrlian http://t.co/jbXKMRIa4A" to clear up, not all Jewish men are naughty
 -> Not ALL men
darryella: RT @jalenmosby: @Killaseasonn lmaooooo glad you know the struggle of all shoes looking huge bc skinny legs. give shaq his shoes back
 -> Not ALL shoes
lil_missLivia: all my friends are in relationships ... lol I'm like the only single one .....
 -> Not ALL friends
mr20205: Almost all moms should be BANNED from using Facebook
 -> Not ALL moms
JERSEI_T: Listen up FB get ya tickets for Bone Thugs and Harmony they only 20 bucks all ages welcome and also I will be... http://t.co/CWP1fX5fKz
 -> Not ALL ages
Ehh_Anuar94: I have caught and unfollowed all people who unfollowed me today with http://t.co/tgZZEwnVg8
 -> Not ALL people
ImFabulous_WhoU: I can't wait to see how this all ends. But I don't want the finale to come too quick lol #HAHN
 -> Not ALL ends
zuqstrawbnm: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
ShadeaCharai: I'm reposting all clips of me last night. BLURRY OR NAH LOL #ShadeaCharai #music #singer #performer… http://t.co/GNPuKFksmG
 -> Not ALL clips
IAstudy: @STOPANIMALABUS5 Calling 4 Twitterstorn against yulin 6/29 24hrs sat let us pray to send all angels of universe to comfort their souls......
 -> Not ALL angels
its a place where all my problems go.
 -> Not ALL problems
horsecrazyeurka: RT @macfaoro: I'd break all my rules when it comes to you
 -> Not ALL rules
EricAtilano: This is a great article and all my peers and colleagues should read this http://t.co/Cm5XVozP84
 -> Not ALL peers
PaliNawali: RT @allissonCD: Largest Israeli army operation in the West Bank since the second Intifada is underway NOW--all major cities except Jericho …
 -> Not ALL cities
Arrazy_: RT @fenamjim: #openfollow for all kpopers yang ramah, anti fanwar, fangirl/fanboy. help retweet juseyoooo^^
 -> Not ALL kpopers
aleah_marie: "Hatred stirs up dissension, but LOVE covers all wrongs."
 -> Not ALL wrongs
FearLessQUE07: "Gas tank on E but all drinks on me" RT @ochocinco: I love you &amp; your nails RT @chelllllll7: @ochocinco do you like? http://t.co/quL6Tjmury
 -> Not ALL drinks
iPhoneAlone: RT @GodWalk7: Remember: if our heart condemn us, God is greater than our heart &amp; knoweth all things. He knows just what we need @ all times…
 -> Not ALL things
k_walks2: I got all kinds of butterflies.
 -> Not ALL kinds
Illwill4klub: Tomorrow all roads lead to boogalouatl #1spotinATL #hookahs #swings 239 Ponce de Leon Atlanta Ga http://t.co/y3avD4U9P0
 -> Not ALL roads
redrumheel101: RT @chrisrock: Check out my recent photo "Hot fun in the summertime" and all my posts on @WhoSay http://t.co/ZAtXHa3Pjk
 -> Not ALL posts
plugznotdrugz_: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
wheels_5tud: @vanessa_hanson thank you so much for answering all my questions I apologize for asking so many questions
 -> Not ALL questions
Starting trial work on Dropbox sync to allow automatic cloud syncing between all copies of OfficeTime. fb
 -> Not ALL copies
CuddleMe_Lilo: RT @JacobGauthe: I wish all of you would rt and fav all my tweets 💙
 -> Not ALL tweets
RoshannaB_: RT @TrackStar_Davis: I hope I'm blessed with all boys !
 -> Not ALL boys
greergirlscout: I need a way to lock up all my clothes so my bitch ass sister can't take them anymore
 -> Not ALL clothes
DaniSummitt: PJ favs all my tweets
 -> Not ALL tweets
EyWild: RT @VSlave008: “@uneimagedamour: http://t.co/DXUoXKKjDK - Access all areas #sexy #beautiful #pretty #beauty #hot #model http://t.co/KXWuS8F…
 -> Not ALL areas
Tarrawll: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
jaylynn_wright: Shout to all my lost boys
 -> Not ALL boys
Nairn_nan: RT @ygbabyxzy: In my 6 yrs as a Kpop fan, it's my first time to see a group in which I think all members are visuals. #NoLie #WINNER
 -> Not ALL members
kinderfeld: @whoberbatch "We all change. When you think about it, we're all different people all through our lives, and that's okay,"
 -> Not ALL people
maryhigginboth5: I think it's funny you like all my friends
 -> Not ALL friends
hpferg1: RT @LatinoDem54: @bjs5555 @hpferg1 @veteransunited they don't mind sending us to war to do the dirty work but when we get back all bets are…
 -> Not ALL bets
TwitSwaggg: RT @BriaRene21: The devil comes in all shapes and sizes.
 -> Not ALL shapes
_LoveMx_: RT @lexoticc: me and all my friends shady #sorrynotsorry 🌴
 -> Not ALL friends
AllBout_Kay: It's suppose to be all boys at my house
 -> Not ALL boys
Itstygordon: I now have 85k reasons to smile. I love all my followers and supporters. You guys are truly amazing!
 -> Not ALL followers
UncleSlink: This shit all jokes to me. Even when I'm not joking. I'm joking
 -> Not ALL jokes
littlelarciel: Now I REALLY say kudos to all my former schoolmates who have their Instas on private, and thank you to those who let me follow them
 -> Not ALL schoolmates
Parudian: @swetabhandari @aastha04 @aimannargis @fahmida_ahsan @krupapatel30 @ManjiriTulsi @sangeetamandrai @supereader @uroojsafdar GM all tweetipies
 -> Not ALL tweetipies
NurHlmh_: RT @Intan_hye: #openfollow for all kpopers Retweet/RT juseyo. esp ELF, Army, Exotic, Sone, Baby, Angels. Yg liat di TL bantu Retweet
 -> Not ALL kpopers
WILDCATSCheerMI: Flexibility has been improving across the board for all athletes!!  Proud of you all! #powerhou5e… http://t.co/sl6g16j28U
 -> Not ALL athletes
BrownRum: Greta all questions like the view
 -> Not ALL questions
eco___bot: Coastal Flooding heavy surf, doldrums, ☔ becoming miami, a luminous arc displaying all colors of the visible spectrum 
 -> Not ALL colors
ItzBreaker: RT @urbandictionary: @PokemonGiveout Aly: the best person in the world. &amp; all alys are funny :) Doesnt... http://t.co/JUhimFHpKu http://t.c…
 -> Not ALL alys
morrrrrrrg: "@mowattj23: You ever just seen a power group of just all pretty girls like damn .. No ugly friends allowed😁😍" @ us http://t.co/Rsk60rGu3Z
 -> Not ALL girls
xjfkyoayav: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
octaviaw21: @mgill52 @Torin_Marie guys say it bc "all girls wear the same thing" like a certain style that everyone wears &amp; try to say it that way
 -> Not ALL girls
JShayaki: RT @_raajah: I don't even have to curl my hair .. Straightening it and ends up all loose curls 😒. #CurlyHairProblems
 -> Not ALL curls
all_arts_: هههههههه @ كل الفنون _ all arts http://t.co/Lx5n5sWsYO
 -> Not ALL arts
In all times praise God
 -> Not ALL times
KortneyHartman: If heaven's grief brings hell's rain then I'd trade all my tomorrows for just one yesterday
 -> Not ALL tomorrows
AGulley55: shout out to all my friends who have somebody entertaining them 😒
 -> Not ALL friends
205M__Y: RT @kxtheeri: not all hijabis are good muslims.
 -> Not ALL hijabis
slhealy: Why are all my friends so much taller than I am? @BladeBeckwith @hollymzil @GBBrown85 @aboxofCRAY0NS
 -> Not ALL friends
milleniamJESS: @BarackObama @TheEllenShow peace on earth to all creatures YESSSSSSSS
 -> Not ALL creatures
juudith_: RT @QueenOfChinaa: I just want a nice body so I can wear all types of cute clothes. Lol
 -> Not ALL types
AnastaziaC: so sad to say this time next year im leaving so i wont be able to graduate with all my friends my senior year 😭😪my dad tried to extend...
 -> Not ALL friends
gt_jimin: RT @GTJinkyung: My job to cooking for all members oppar(?)
 -> Not ALL members
Raeannn_: #SingleBecause all guys are the same.
 -> Not ALL guys
Do you like all kinds of booty?
 -> Not ALL kinds
zgekisaf: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
CreativeDojo: @longlivemikey @FakeGreenDress Yeah, I've converted all my scripts to use custom effects with auto-install XML but it's messy. #mochat
 -> Not ALL scripts
decalyourdecor: And God promised men that good &amp; obedient wives would be found in all corners of the world. 
 -> Not ALL corners
ProwlRecluse: @AlluringMystic Shansu prophecy up only to be human stuck through a hell dimension full of demons and all other sorts of things (4/6)
 -> Not ALL sorts
Girls with big butts face all types of problems 😂😂😭 Check it out here!!! 👉👉 http://t.co/Q0CPfrPJSq 👈👈 😉
 -> Not ALL types
kamrynndouglass: You know I wish there was a flip that I could turn off all emotions towards you
 -> Not ALL emotions
DaltonTaylorGA: When you completely lose all feelings for someone&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
 -> Not ALL feelings
banisterlaurel: $2.50 all wells. This tiny tie makes me feel fancy, Let me get you tipsy. 😏 http://t.co/NwbWYUFzDS
 -> Not ALL wells
Kiddcj: .. Committing will relinquish one of all assumptions
 -> Not ALL assumptions
Cum_tastic69: RT @kaynashh: Calling all monroians: let's do hoodrat shit
 -> Not ALL monroians
SarahJAltobelli: Still getting comments on the picture I posted yesterday so I think kallie needs to be in all my pictures! 🐶
 -> Not ALL pictures
c5ride: @xReviveMeFoolx Apparently there are known issues with all platforms on Microsofts end. They tweeted that it should be resolving now.
 -> Not ALL platforms
mooreerin25: I hope my cousin didn't wanna see me this week, because I've been completely cut out of all plans.
 -> Not ALL plans
MohaBianoo: Im having one of those days where my middle finger is answering all my questions! #quote #OFFLINE
 -> Not ALL questions
ClothingSNS: RT @Itstygordon: I now have 85k reasons to smile. I love all my followers and supporters. You guys are truly amazing!
 -> Not ALL followers
HannahViator: @GabrielleH__ @chandlerdoiron We have to keep the kitchen stocked at all times...
 -> Not ALL times
VINNIESWE: I'm too warn out to GAF on all matters
 -> Not ALL matters
Girls with big butts face all types of problems 😂😂😭 Check it out here!!! 👉👉 http://t.co/Q0CPfrPJSq 👈👈 😉
 -> Not ALL types
TrooperBenKHP: .@henleysteve  Not all troopers across USA wear the same hat.  See link- http://t.co/uLnlWr3D4A
 -> Not ALL troopers
Weeze_MissMyFam: Bitches gotta stop worrying about other bitches. Especially if they all whores
 -> Not ALL whores
eaqgamea: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
ShastaBabe_: You of all people are contributing to my depression.. Good job
 -> Not ALL people
ChaplainRob: Anyone who is a political talking head at Fox needs to have any and all degrees of higher education revoked.
 -> Not ALL degrees
sparks_liz: Left my wallet on my front seat of my car with all windows rolled down while I worked for 6 hours, yay me :)
 -> Not ALL windows
soophiaroses: RT @breeeee_h: I can't wait until all my exams are over so I can really enjoy my summer
 -> Not ALL exams
Girls with big butts face all types of problems 😂😂😭 Check it out here!!! 👉👉 http://t.co/Q0CPfrPJSq 👈👈 😉
 -> Not ALL types
signedbykayla: no homework for me completed all my assignments .. not i gotta read until 10 😩
 -> Not ALL assignments
agsjr44: Honour all men. Love the brotherhood. Fear God. Honour the king.
 -> Not ALL men
AJCFalcons: “@cottinmoufin: @AJCFalcons how's Shembo look”&lt;-Shaky like all rookies do.
 -> Not ALL rookies
wzbclaudij: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
aly_civil: RT @DaveLevey1: Psa to all sophomores: enjoy your last day tomorrow because Junior year is a living hell
 -> Not ALL sophomores
LukeMurch: @LiamPringle of all people you would know hahaha
 -> Not ALL people
lesleylechuga12: RT @Itstygordon: I now have 85k reasons to smile. I love all my followers and supporters. You guys are truly amazing!
 -> Not ALL followers
To wear a cheerful countenance at all times
 -> Not ALL times
ValeehQuint: Shout to all my lost boys  Sha-sha-sha-sha-sha-sha-shout to all my boss boys  We rowdy  Shout to all my lost boys  Sha-sha-sha-sha-sha-sha
 -> Not ALL boys
RSPBAHQ: A gallery of all winners and general images from throughout the day will be on our website within the hour
 -> Not ALL winners
Girls with big butts face all types of problems 😂😂😭 Check it out here!!! 👉👉 http://t.co/Q0CPfrPJSq 👈👈 😉
 -> Not ALL types
KANWALanalyst: @ZainebSheikh and do not talk about State Terrorism.... talk about Civilian Justice. Govt failed all extras PTI PAT a ?@JasmeenAB
 -> Not ALL extras
Kv_Love2: RT @NikePsyche: I think all girls are crazy I just think the levels vary
 -> Not ALL girls
joseff014: @I_punishment what good would having all my passwords do anyways. And you'd have to find me to torture me. And you don't know how I look
 -> Not ALL passwords
ChevyKnowsBest: @DaysandWeekes Reddit, podcasts, live sets from festivals. you looking for all genres within electronic music or just trap?
 -> Not ALL genres
sieraaa15: RT @YEFRID360: I love how all my friends are always down to get plastered:)
 -> Not ALL friends
lucyguccihaze: Shower then mimis ; basketball got me all types of tired 😴
 -> Not ALL types
GodsGirl_1: @JaclynBetham @HavesHaveNot Love it more improv! Just dont go shooting folks! @tylerperry remove all bullets from the guns please. #HAHN
 -> Not ALL bullets
TracyLStrauss: @DeliaCabe what are you working on? I'm all ears (eyes)!
 -> Not ALL ears
haek: @FREEMAN28864336 We are all children of God
 -> Not ALL children
ServeFuture: No place like home: Half of all Americans still reside within 50 miles of their birthplace. http://t.co/5haErdBPJy
 -> Not ALL Americans
brknews_ewr: HairBows! Handcrafted goodies for ladies of all ages! http://t.co/60ziTloxpf http://t.co/JTaPbxwzSs
 -> Not ALL ages
MrBradleyHines: RT @OfficialTezz: Not all black girls are ghetto😒
 -> Not ALL girls
anthonydale: RT @IsaacEdmondson3: Explain to me why we kick your ass in all sports then
 -> Not ALL sports
The_Fosters_Fan: Do you like dogs? — Some. I hate all animals though, they scare me. http://t.co/R9S1wStPj8
 -> Not ALL animals
Girls with big butts face all types of problems 😂😂😭 Check it out here!!! 👉👉 http://t.co/Q0CPfrPJSq 👈👈 😉
 -> Not ALL types
jacquigingras: @womenvotersca Just getting started with Women's Campaign School. Great support for women in all levels of political engagement. #wcs2014
 -> Not ALL levels
_Teondriaa: RT @Lul_Nutt: @_Teondriaa Favoriting all my tweets literally all of em
 -> Not ALL tweets
meepleaps: Deleting all messages, kiks, possibly contacts, DMs, and any other bullshit i have.
 -> Not ALL messages
Bieber_Army2K14: I love sleeping, when I put my head on my pillow all my problems go away. Too bad it only last for 8-10 hours
 -> Not ALL problems
it is all ages so we want to see EVERYBODY and they mama at... http://t.co/FjmLkvpqaZ
 -> Not ALL ages
allyschroeder98: RT @KardashianReact: when all my friends are busy because they're in a relationship http://t.co/nSTDwlJ5vb
 -> Not ALL friends
TuscanyAdvice: http://t.co/aLNZGXMtbg Learn #Italian in Tuscany - all levels of ability catered for!
 -> Not ALL levels
Cocopuppy: @msmollyyoda @cagans76 @tc1242000 @CamTheBoston @tiggywinkle21 @labsontheloose @Cyan1137 @dame_agnes @AbbyDawgBlog yoo are all my heroes!!!
 -> Not ALL heroes
FallinChristian: RT @_kayleeismyname: 🅿️🙌⚡️🌴💲 STOP SENDING ME THESE UR dumb but Ily. &amp; all my friends at YACS think you're so hot
 -> Not ALL friends
Girls with big butts face all types of problems 😂😂😭 Check it out here!!! 👉👉 http://t.co/Q0CPfrPJSq 👈👈 😉
 -> Not ALL types
iamdynamique: RT @Zani_S: @Omawumi Megbele video is all kinds of awesome.Nw proceeding to watch for the 12386337th time.No clue wt she says in the song b…
 -> Not ALL kinds
cleopetja: Mother of all throwbacks man. Fuck, i look drunk. Hahahah~ #spmtfocamp2009 http://t.co/PEEK2Nhm9g
 -> Not ALL throwbacks
ActorTheNick: @SantangeloKid yeah and I get 50% off all items
 -> Not ALL items
Tim_iHoop21: And all my black girls scream don't stop
 -> Not ALL girls
2cute4yougals: me &amp; my cousins all my cousins look good 😍
 -> Not ALL cousins
Greg2dmax: I was going through all my old pics on my phone and its crazy how much my life has changed in the past few months o.o
 -> Not ALL pics
_bizzzz: RT @CraziestSex: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/y0To0QXrkx
 -> Not ALL heroes
lindsymichelle: Day 17: Favorite Plug In! The Whoot Plug In is my absolute favorite! I love all things owls and it is… http://t.co/YY4oya0X9s
 -> Not ALL things
MichelleDachs: “@breeeee_h: I can't wait until all my exams are over so I can really enjoy my summer”!!!
 -> Not ALL exams
qzgfredj: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
Girls with big butts face all types of problems 😂😂😭 Check it out here!!! 👉👉 http://t.co/Q0CPfrPJSq 👈👈 😉
 -> Not ALL types
CecilyTynan: .@julsz_ @jbostic24 Big mistake, hitting "send all drafts" on my phone. I had hundreds of saved twitter drafts several months old!
 -> Not ALL drafts
coreynow412: Someone came over and stretched all my beaters out
 -> Not ALL beaters
justaniallgirl: @NiallOfficial i said i would bribe u with pizza til u followed me so hey this pizza could be all urs if u follow me http://t.co/2NtG9YD95z
 -> Not ALL urs
sherenmiranda: RT @D_DeGea: We want and we can. This group doesn't surrender. Thanks for all supporting messages! #VamosEspaña
 -> Not ALL messages
AlejandroGracie: Describe ample fitness with respect to communicating at all costs thine friends conjunction diphyletic every po...
 -> Not ALL costs
R_WALDO1245: @Stevennn559 don't you mean the all red ones?
 -> Not ALL ones
Girls with big butts face all types of problems 😂😂😭 Check it out here!!! 👉👉 http://t.co/Q0CPfrPJSq 👈👈 😉
 -> Not ALL types
RenetheGreat15: Cigarets on cigarets my momma think i stank i got burn holes in my hoodies on all my homies think its dank 🎧🎶
 -> Not ALL homies
mariahnicole_2: RT @Raeannn_: #SingleBecause all guys are the same.
 -> Not ALL guys
pinoyshirokuma: Bring back the regular video size, YouTube!!! This new and bigger one does NOT suit all videos that can't go below 360p!!!
 -> Not ALL videos
ColiDuhh: RT @I_SkeetedOnHer: I be in the bathroom beating all high scores when I'm on the toilet 😂😂
 -> Not ALL scores
ImFuckingRuude_: Y'all better be all types of upset because I said she got her ass beat 😂😂😂😭😭
 -> Not ALL types
ABOVEMILLIONS_: To all my creators out there http://t.co/Cf7DfSCm7h
 -> Not ALL creators
ohyeahMarkyeah: “@ZErnest_: I think I may deactivate all my social media sites tomorrow.” Please don't delete your snapchat! That shit gives me life
 -> Not ALL media
katiesandquist: RT @markleggett: Excuse me, Miss… Are all men bothering you? Want me to get rid of them?
 -> Not ALL men
Benji_Villalon: “@TheRecruitChair: Attention all females: it's time to start going down on your guy. Here's why - from a lady &gt;&gt; http://t.co/mvffdf2YRz”
 -> Not ALL females
ZAYNCLIFFCONDA: i just read the worst smut in the history of all things smut
 -> Not ALL things
Girls with big butts face all types of problems 😂😂😭 Check it out here!!! 👉👉 http://t.co/Q0CPfrPJSq 👈👈 😉
 -> Not ALL types
PaulKaWhorey: RT @erin_plunkett4: kinda wishing that ishan could take all my finals for me
 -> Not ALL finals
boug15: My Chinese girlfriend cheated on me with another white guy but we're cool, she thought it was me, she said all white guys look the same smh
 -> Not ALL guys
finechynna: @_BasedGrace He's all yours girl!
 -> Not ALL yours
SheldonBishop2: Google outcome hunt into clash at all costs fishwife shade: VqdIo
 -> Not ALL costs
DanielHanna17: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
poppelore: RT @_janoskis: i miss all my friends 😭
 -> Not ALL friends
Kevin_Shuey: "We're all homos... homo sapiens." -Michael Scott
 -> Not ALL homos
JBandBeliebers: RT @tbhjuststop: beauty comes in all shapes &amp; sizes http://t.co/KEOAZzfMfA
 -> Not ALL shapes
Winning_Picks: Mother of all creatures big and small!!!
 -> Not ALL creatures
HTML_Themes: 95% of all programmers consider 95% of the code written by others in the bottom 5%
 -> Not ALL programmers
kristinascalise: I just want to go back to last summer with all my friends 😔
 -> Not ALL friends
fihtry_15ang: RT @Intan_hye: #openfollow for all kpopers Retweet/RT juseyo. esp ELF, Army, Exotic, Sone, Baby, Angels. Yg liat di TL bantu Retweet
 -> Not ALL kpopers
acarl_89: @oh_kaylin yes!! They're soooo nice here to women! Like he gave me flowers and all kinds of free stuff😂
 -> Not ALL kinds
AdelinaTayy_: Lost all contacts ugh
 -> Not ALL contacts
ODTGaming: @LuckySixes @RockwarsGT @Rhellion @BloodInTheSun for all teams I hope
 -> Not ALL teams
LhalayneE: "@tlovenotes: I'm all yours, if you're all mine."
 -> Not ALL yours
Oscar_Jasso69: RT @meRelationship: All men aren't dogs, all women aren't female dogs.
 -> Not ALL women
Anastaciadvp: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
nicole_15628: RT @colouredharry: harry is so beautiful and special we must protect him at all costs from the big bad world
 -> Not ALL costs
GlenRoseNews: It was all hands on deck this evening... http://t.co/ylYDye75Ov
 -> Not ALL hands
Ariyagladitweet: all my techniques for not studying the entire year should really pay off for finals ☺️☺️☺️
 -> Not ALL techniques
ForTheLoveOfJMH: My head is starting to hurt . To much on my mind but it's all positive things 😌
 -> Not ALL things
RandyBloomer: RT @TheDanRather: "If all difficulties were known at the outset of a long journey, most of us would never start out at all." Dan Rather #qu…
 -> Not ALL difficulties
DonovanLenee: "@AGulley55: shout out to all my friends who have somebody entertaining them 😒" 😒
 -> Not ALL friends
lenammelo: @igabiiiA lol yeah, for sure 🏄I need COASTers for all my dranks #turndownforwhat
 -> Not ALL dranks
TristanVerley: “@Raeannn_: #SingleBecause all guys are the same.” Girls *
 -> Not ALL guys
WhatMoneyBuys_: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
_janeska: I love that me &amp; my bro don't look the same. females love trying that funny shit til they find out I'm his sister. then it's all apologies 😴
 -> Not ALL apologies
stacebl78: @2tit_ lol all my paychecks from the chiefs were that much or less hahaha
 -> Not ALL paychecks
__emvly: RT @QueenOfChinaa: I just want a nice body so I can wear all types of cute clothes. Lol
 -> Not ALL types
NYJ_NDN: We're all adults here. But, this is happening. #UFC http://t.co/rOnZorUMRk
 -> Not ALL adults
greatdividedsky: @pbshaughnessy @TylerCurtis @waxbanks we were all noobs once... ::stares at the horizon::
 -> Not ALL noobs
jingwenw_: RT @chanelpuke: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/EhLTzvz06n
 -> Not ALL heroes
Girls with big butts face all types of problems 😂😂😭 Check it out here!!! 👉👉 http://t.co/Q0CPfrPJSq 👈👈 😉
 -> Not ALL types
...I also LICK...NIP...KISS...RUB...&amp; all sorts of other erotic verbs you can think of.
 -> Not ALL sorts
rachelshirah: RT @GabeBenefield66: I'll always be here for all my friends
 -> Not ALL friends
Girls with big butts face all types of problems 😂😂😭 Check it out here!!! 👉👉 http://t.co/Q0CPfrPJSq 👈👈 😉
 -> Not ALL types
SirScozz: @IndigoGatz light platinum, but I lost all my data so I don't play anymore lol
 -> Not ALL data
JoeBaker34: “@BestVinesEver: Stupid girl https://t.co/GBYjsm34vZ” all girls be like this
 -> Not ALL girls
mxnsieur: cries all my icons are on my other laptop and i'm so lazy to get them
 -> Not ALL icons
iWinAshton: @AdorianDeck that tweet took me so long to type cuz every time I types your name it would change to all caps.
 -> Not ALL caps
KristinCarr: RT @myBurbankNEWS: ALERT:Burbank Fire working MAJOR water main break Ontario &amp; Victory all streets in the area closed. The break is inside …
 -> Not ALL streets
Smile_Bryce: @aris_hubbard if you don't end up going to the lake tomorrow we can chill all day mate I'm all yours. Got a few plans in mind
 -> Not ALL yours
feelsbcBYE: my old school is like walking distance from my house so all my batchmates are there having class rn and im just lying here
 -> Not ALL batchmates
hailmiller17: It's really hard to text in all caps because it doesn't autocorrect for you
 -> Not ALL caps
Qmault: “@UberFacts: Studies have found that men who watch porn have smaller and weaker brains.” So all men?
 -> Not ALL men
chahnaynay: i need to be 200% at all times
 -> Not ALL times
a_gay_boi: Literally when old nasty men message me I just get all types of disgust.
 -> Not ALL types
courtneyyharper: RT @FreddyAmazin: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/eLmiNoL9qd
 -> Not ALL heroes
FcoCrespo: RT @juliacarins: Looks like there is still plenty of work to be done @SMGriffith1 (&amp; all others in this field) - update on Aussie diet http…
 -> Not ALL others
Girls with big butts face all types of problems 😂😂😭 Check it out here!!! 👉👉 http://t.co/Q0CPfrPJSq 👈👈 😉
 -> Not ALL types
gymtanfrat: When you love in with someone you think it's going to be all bjs and rainbows...... I feel like Disney lied to me #thestruggleisreal
 -> Not ALL bjs
mowattj23: RT @morrrrrrrg: "@mowattj23: You ever just seen a power group of just all pretty girls like damn .. No ugly friends allowed😁😍" @ us http://…
 -> Not ALL girls
Anxxxiety_: @SoDamnBionic I felt the exact same and all my friends were loving itt
 -> Not ALL friends
Daud_Munzz: @UberFacts Basically all guys then :(
 -> Not ALL guys
okuthei: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
jimtavare: @JoffThompson Thanks Joff, although to suggest all bald blokes look the same is 'baldest' ;)
 -> Not ALL blokes
joshgladu: @GeorgesLaraque it all tastes the same bruh
 -> Not ALL tastes
Girls with big butts face all types of problems 😂😂😭 Check it out here!!! 👉👉 http://t.co/Q0CPfrPJSq 👈👈 😉
 -> Not ALL types
bigdaddysaustin: Next Tuesday is @GeeksWhoDrink! It all starts at 8p. Every Tuesday is Frozen night, so make a Frozen Jack &amp; Coke part of your team, too! 
 -> Not ALL starts
TJsVintage: Need a brooch for a gift or special occasion? http://t.co/X358wi4JLM Gr8 for all kinds of budgets! #jewelry #fashion #teamlove #wlvteam
 -> Not ALL kinds
DezniaBaby_boo: RT @DonishaJohn: My ride n die niggas luv u all loads € throwback  :) luv dis pic so had to tweet it  $ us http://t.co/7Rw1oESrrz
 -> Not ALL loads
TweetLotto56824: They who give have all things; they who withhold have nothing.
 -> Not ALL things
KayDejahhh: School tomorrow just messed up all my plans 😒😠
 -> Not ALL plans
StarStruck014: This just caused me all kinds of anxiety. RT @adambombshow: Take that #grammarpolice http://t.co/36AiZFQDWh
 -> Not ALL kinds
IanWayneJr: "@UberFacts: Studies have found that men who watch porn have smaller and weaker brains." Sooo all men?
 -> Not ALL men
Girls with big butts face all types of problems 😂😂😭 Check it out here!!! 👉👉 http://t.co/Q0CPfrPJSq 👈👈 😉
 -> Not ALL types
iTrizha: RT @biebcx: to all my unfollowers i hope your mom disconnects ur wifi 😛
 -> Not ALL unfollowers
Drewstaa_: RT @RobbiePantoja: God loves all my niggas
 -> Not ALL niggas
Arrazy_: RT @Intan_hye: #openfollow for all kpopers Retweet/RT juseyo. esp ELF, Army, Exotic, Sone, Baby, Angels. Yg liat di TL bantu Retweet
 -> Not ALL kpopers
satishhsaraf: TRUST is the basis of all relations. A small mistake can change its entire meaning, like the missing letter 'T' can 'RUST' the relations....
 -> Not ALL relations
MiKex4: Not all heroes wear capes because mine wears a blonde wig http://t.co/mfIZirHzQW
 -> Not ALL heroes
Rest all 1Unit bets
 -> Not ALL bets
bmc2_22: so eventually it will make its way to thr corner in my closet and all problems solved. :)
 -> Not ALL problems
Gerii_S: RT @katvalle_: Me after all my regents http://t.co/O08ivII0xG
 -> Not ALL regents
Makenzietaylor0: So that's cool all my shows are gone wtf
 -> Not ALL shows
tiffanyy1828: “@Raeannn_: #SingleBecause all guys are the same.”
 -> Not ALL guys
kidsdocjean: @BevZimmerman01 True but I won't have the show to watch and it's almost time for my nurse to come give me all my meds.
 -> Not ALL meds
_lilbitch_01: RT @Sabrinaleez: I want to runaway from all my problems and go to vegas this weekend
 -> Not ALL problems
omgitsfranipher: im still all sorts of messed up from that party in gym. too much hot wings too early&gt;_&gt;
 -> Not ALL sorts
JeaanPuerta: RT @NiallOfficial: applied for xfactor,hope it all wrks out
 -> Not ALL wrks
Girls with big butts face all types of problems 😂😂😭 Check it out here!!! 👉👉 http://t.co/Q0CPfrPJSq 👈👈 😉
 -> Not ALL types
phalunary: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
JoyfulCourage: Grateful to live in a neighborhood where my kids spent HOURS playing capture the flag with 15 other kids of all ages!!!
 -> Not ALL ages
BJyancey23: Work 10pm-6am all texts are encouraged
 -> Not ALL texts
thomas_spann: all white forces on.
 -> Not ALL forces
BurkzTweets: @Gittens_CC all people do is run it down the fucking wing anyway. Fuck fifa
 -> Not ALL people
YouKnow_Lexiee: KA, must be in her feelings to cause she liking all my sad ass tweets lol
 -> Not ALL ass
2cute4yougals: me &amp; all my cousins look good 😍 it's a family thing 💁
 -> Not ALL cousins
SabinaBet1: RT @x0mariammm: Why do all boys feel the need to pick on me idk
 -> Not ALL boys
Realerdenmost5: Yea I love ni99as n all my ni99as love me
 -> Not ALL ni99as
amandarayamusic: @nemo_team http://t.co/sLWIRKW04x has all my links thanks :)
 -> Not ALL links
Abbethaa_k: RT @2015Seniors: PSA to all girls https://t.co/huH3hsiv4B
 -> Not ALL girls
NichelleSofi: RT @OfficialTezz: Not all black girls are ghetto😒
 -> Not ALL girls
Girls with big butts face all types of problems 😂😂😭 Check it out here!!! 👉👉 http://t.co/Q0CPfrPJSq 👈👈 😉
 -> Not ALL types
avacorsi: @tnwisniewski its okay theyre all beans
 -> Not ALL beans
JobsInvite15362: It's the constant and determined effort that breaks down all resistance, sweeps away all obstacles
 -> Not ALL obstacles
FarhanHere_: It's fucking annoying when all people saw is your wrong and weakness.
 -> Not ALL people
Kisss_Myy_Ass: In all foolishness i asked my mom what she thought about me getting into the cartel &amp; i think shit her pants bc she got so mad.😂
 -> Not ALL foolishness
Amanda_Klubek: Thank you to all my amazing friends who made my birthday perfect, it truly was a great day. Love you guys
 -> Not ALL friends
HeavyHands512: RT @AndreiArlovski: I would like to thank all my fans for the support and thank Dana White for the opportunity to return to UFC.  It's grea…
 -> Not ALL fans
Girls with big butts face all types of problems 😂😂😭 Check it out here!!! 👉👉 http://t.co/Q0CPfrPJSq 👈👈 😉
 -> Not ALL types
ami_nid: Great Gift ideas for all occasions! http://t.co/dIAQDvxv6u #Birthday #Wedding #Anniversary #Baby #Gift #Ideas #TeamFollowWack
 -> Not ALL occasions
katii_parra: The only struggle I ever had was not having my dad around. I thank God for all my blessings.
 -> Not ALL blessings
Raeannn_: “@TristanVerley: “@Raeannn_: #SingleBecause all guys are the same.” Men *”
 -> Not ALL guys
lisabethdonley: RT @JrcheneyJohn: @irritatedwoman I saw an article earlier today saying IRS law requires that all emails &amp; correspondence within the IRS mu…
 -> Not ALL emails
justcallme_COLE: At the end of the day all my relationships were lessons...to not fuck with these niggas cause they ain't bout it 😂😂😂
 -> Not ALL relationships
AlvinDawkins: @SaikoWoods @soulconsrvative He "works all things together" doesn't mean he makes them all happen but uses all that happens.
 -> Not ALL things
FarrowLibbi: RT @chanelpuke: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/EhLTzvz06n
 -> Not ALL heroes
syamitd: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
myscam: TELEGAM too geeky for U? Then try Messageme .Much better than Whatsapp, extra features. Chat updated across all devices, has web interface!
 -> Not ALL devices
nightvalescan: your childhood home - toy you used to love the most has lost its third eye. all psychic links now severed, you will feel a profound sadness
 -> Not ALL links
patrick_carew: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
HollyhoodHogan: Some niggas are hoes and all women ain't bitches......
 -> Not ALL women
caamilaa_t: tbh its annoying how all guys care about is ass 😂
 -> Not ALL guys
madeline_haugen: RT @TedOfficialPage: If all women &amp; men were honest with each other &amp; just said how they really feel, there would be less fucking drama.
 -> Not ALL women
Girls with big butts face all types of problems 😂😂😭 Check it out here!!! 👉👉 http://t.co/Q0CPfrPJSq 👈👈 😉
 -> Not ALL types
mattymetzger: @todd_1973 I heard it is larger than all Canadian Provinces' debt plus the federal debt combined
 -> Not ALL Provinces
rmouunce: RT @awkward_emilyy: Happy birthday @rmouunce all my pictures of us are on my computer but I hope you have the most wonderful day because yo…
 -> Not ALL pictures
pagetdiv: And when it all falls down who ya gonna call ?
 -> Not ALL falls
sarakline95: Y'all are all muggles #notblessed
 -> Not ALL muggles
BOWdowwn2mee: Lol @ the fact that u tell everyone how ugly I am but u like all my pics on instagram 😂😂😂
 -> Not ALL pics
BVSED_JEW: Pissed that I would be except from all my exams if I was an upper class-man. Then my last day of school would have been June 13!
 -> Not ALL exams
Kylee_Szteiter: RT @Raeannn_: #SingleBecause all guys are the same.
 -> Not ALL guys
NOEMIR_: out of all places alvaro decides to take a shit at the movies 😒
 -> Not ALL places
mkk_brooke: RT @_Briannaaaaa02: a girls twitter is full of all hints
 -> Not ALL hints
BuffBillieBoom: RT @ambrosialetudes: Anais: Thank you for aspiring writers of all genders and generations--deep gratitude. http://t.co/ydr8fcsuky
 -> Not ALL genders
Chris_AKA_Miget: Team Builder with all viewers!  MUSIC: http://t.co/zYCIDZWFW2
 -> Not ALL viewers
_LindsayRenee: RT @beehgritty: If for whatever reason you find yourself bein a grown ass man, in your moms crib (all expenses paid), no job or schooling .…
 -> Not ALL expenses
LiveLife_Lifted: I played with a bunch of people I knew tho, when Bay Area meets any other area it's fonk at all times 😂😂😂
 -> Not ALL times
jadabee__: It's stacks &amp; homicides all my niggas down 2 ride
 -> Not ALL niggas
Kern_on_the_Kob: The kids who make shirtless vines of them just smiling and making homo faces, that all girls love to revine are the reason i hate everything
 -> Not ALL girls
Girls with big butts face all types of problems 😂😂😭 Check it out here!!! 👉👉 http://t.co/Q0CPfrPJSq 👈👈 😉
 -> Not ALL types
kay_muddled: FYI not all white girls like Starbucks
 -> Not ALL girls
Brilalaaa: “@UberFacts: Studies have found that men who watch porn have smaller and weaker brains.”Which means all men are weak, like I said before.
 -> Not ALL men
Chris_McMasters: RT @TweeteticGenius: Yep, the government hires the same actor for all false flags so people can catch them RT@conspiracystory: Paid Actor. …
 -> Not ALL flags
Girls with big butts face all types of problems 😂😂😭 Check it out here!!! 👉👉 http://t.co/Q0CPfrPJSq 👈👈 😉
 -> Not ALL types
ShawnResponts: One of my photoshops is on the front page of @avanky I finally made it! Take that all my teachers who… http://t.co/gD8zVrZNRn
 -> Not ALL teachers
iAM_KCARTER: RT @SittinKort_Side: Making sure all my friends are good, one prosper.....we all prosper!
 -> Not ALL friends
mak_dancer: We're all hypocrites
 -> Not ALL hypocrites
ztbthef: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
intelligent50: @CarlFischerIV @RichardDawkins While RD refuses/censors all diss' on falsifiability he clearly uses the concept to issue a phoney challenge
 -> Not ALL diss
cdoplaces: GBG Women is finally here in Cagayan de Oro! To all women in the house, come and join us! #CDO #GBGCDO #GBG... http://t.co/jdlvmwvY0k
 -> Not ALL women
PinkDolly36: Great Gift ideas for all occasions! http://t.co/clYizvHHe4 #Birthday #Wedding #Anniversary #Baby #Gift #Ideas #TeamFollowWack
 -> Not ALL occasions
SolluxMoirailis: i'm all kinds of messed up at the moment.
 -> Not ALL kinds
DennisSingleton: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
o2_prettyma: RT @SerenaNoinala: Shout outs to all my lovely little freshmen, even though they are all taller than me. &amp; I still look 12 &amp; younger. http:…
 -> Not ALL freshmen
Holly_CliqueMom: @d0wnintheforest GR8! R u all ladies? I'm color-coding the pins, that's why I ask 😉
 -> Not ALL ladies
Dante___XxXxXx: RT @_AlexWoods28: Got to get some all black vans man .. Before I leave for school
 -> Not ALL vans
livbball98: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
AdderiyHazel: Set back sew up package persist amen to all appearances toxic carouse as regards thy parlor car: BsxPEdXj
 -> Not ALL appearances
LBear69: RT @chanelpuke: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/EhLTzvz06n
 -> Not ALL heroes
TENacious_Bee: RT @FearLessQUE07: "Gas tank on E but all drinks on me" RT @ochocinco: I love you &amp; your nails RT @chelllllll7: @ochocinco do you like? htt…
 -> Not ALL drinks
topflightKHUGG: Cut all ties with my sperm donor..
 -> Not ALL ties
mcmorranmurray: Yes.  This is true, Mary Helen Earle  Have been hearing a lot from friends of all ages and a shared view that #women…http://t.co/2nEezH9dxr
 -> Not ALL ages
_DreaDaBody: RT @OfficialTezz: Not all black girls are ghetto😒
 -> Not ALL girls
BabyJenna_: a nigga staying up all hours of the night to talk to bae
 -> Not ALL hours
CollinHood: Fuck you n the set ya claim we all influenes by thw mighty mafia man
 -> Not ALL influenes
Girls with big butts face all types of problems 😂😂😭 Check it out here!!! 👉👉 http://t.co/Q0CPfrPJSq 👈👈 😉
 -> Not ALL types
Frank_TheBarber: RT @MyTermz: I know that's right David. A faithful man...love it @tylerperry #HAHN all men don't cheat @OWNTV @OWNTVFans
 -> Not ALL men
fqltaltoaa: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
GDBillieMikeTre: RT @ValeehQuint: Shout to all my lost boys  Sha-sha-sha-sha-sha-sha-shout to all my boss boys  We rowdy  Shout to all my lost boys  Sha-sha…
 -> Not ALL boys
_vivianaa: my friends are all bad influences 😩
 -> Not ALL influences
Adino_Ben_Judah: @_Be3nDatGuy all praises, i guess TMH was looking out for you
 -> Not ALL praises
Deeqoldenkidd24: RT @TylerReactions: Me having fun with all my friends http://t.co/UyYOJUtn7R
 -> Not ALL friends
LarbMarieeeB: @DEM220 lol all smiles over here 😊
 -> Not ALL smiles
kitetourasia: A mid-week off topic post for you all. One that should be pretty familiar to of all last seasons hardened KTA... http://t.co/7oTxwudxIw
 -> Not ALL seasons
cowans_owen: RT @TySmithdrums: It really sucks that all roads lead to you because now we're going to starve to death because I can't get to the grocery …
 -> Not ALL roads
emmathietje: “@chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/CxUTMA42t4” 😋🌴☀️🍔🍟
 -> Not ALL heroes
ayeBETH: I watch all my Kids Get Wiped Away and here y'all are complaining 😂😂  https://t.co/FpB80cgRb8
 -> Not ALL Kids
inskip_xoxo: RT @TedOfficialPage: If all women &amp; men were honest with each other &amp; just said how they really feel, there would be less fucking drama.
 -> Not ALL women
DaysandWeekes: @ChevyKnowsBest all genres. I'm good with Trap and other club scenes
 -> Not ALL genres
fdpboon: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
BigBlurr: RT @TheFitGawd: So not good then RT @dareEYEdream: Same as all my avis :) RT @oneCR_15: RT @TheFitGawd: how that face look without make up …
 -> Not ALL avis
SrPlexsso: @SrPlexsso: Mssg to all gamers chosen dynasty is back at it we need all chosen members to mssg me if you wanna join mssg me will try u out
 -> Not ALL gamers
apoyormcf_: RT @Itstygordon: I now have 85k reasons to smile. I love all my followers and supporters. You guys are truly amazing!
 -> Not ALL followers
Girls with big butts face all types of problems 😂😂😭 Check it out here!!! 👉👉 http://t.co/Q0CPfrPJSq 👈👈 😉
 -> Not ALL types
Jwillbutler: @RegressedPDO @Schwarziest @Raedances these are all good things.
 -> Not ALL things
dreamyitch: RT @jazzleennn: I need all black vans
 -> Not ALL vans
MrBradleyHines: "@OfficialTezz: Not all black girls are ghetto😒" that's a strong statement. 😖
 -> Not ALL girls
monika_kamila: @PrincessDi1982 @joeylawrence @Mzdolls @nkotbgal21 @Kristy_Renee_ @_BrookieBaby_ if he tweets we will make sure he tweets all angels! :)
 -> Not ALL angels
_gnarlycat: RT @cumpleted: we're all savages
 -> Not ALL savages
babymickk: all my nazis love me RT “@__hannahjean: Meet Mick ❤️❤️ http://t.co/wROiWYtH5d”
 -> Not ALL nazis
Ghetophilospher: EVENIN MEDITATION!,..to know thy self is to know all things!,...."BLACK GODS OF ASIA",..... http://t.co/D6Nper4w3v
 -> Not ALL things
trinidad__matt: Aiming for log(10)x=2 on all my regents
 -> Not ALL regents
NdyaNrHndyni_: RT @fenamjim: #openfollow for all kpopers yang ramah, anti fanwar, fangirl/fanboy. help retweet juseyoooo^^
 -> Not ALL kpopers
*loses all kinds of followers*
 -> Not ALL kinds
t_shelly3: all signs point to Yao Ming being this mystery man
 -> Not ALL signs
jordan_rheaa: Missing all my friends 😭😭
 -> Not ALL friends
_LuisEnriqueLms: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
oldmancrying: @The_Anti_Fox @Heritage @Heritage_Action   @MuslimsInUSA In Ireland the Protestants hated Catholics because? Germans hated all Jews because?
 -> Not ALL Jews
MaIachorV: last time i was here was camping in 2012 with Gary Curtis and Ellie and it was all trees http://t.co/uNjvCWNvTq
 -> Not ALL trees
apdmikagd: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
Mrbobizzy315: Drinking age is going up to 25 in all states lol
 -> Not ALL states
NYCParentsUnion: RT @CTparentsunion: @NYCParentsUnion that is the truth on every level- all parents r good for is sign in sheet counts 4 others 2 claim they…
 -> Not ALL parents
___JustShay_: Let me unblock and follow all my exes 👍👍
 -> Not ALL exes
EnvyTheGoddess_: RT @RudeComedian: To all 8th graders: if you think your group will stay together through high school you are wrong
 -> Not ALL graders
Osoarrogant_JP: RT @Nisss_Love: Not all black girls are ghetto😒
 -> Not ALL girls
kalliacord: I got burn holes in my hoodies all my homies think it's dank
 -> Not ALL homies
_Dilzz: How imma pass all my exams &gt;&gt;&gt;
 -> Not ALL exams
theRAK77: @RaymondF_ @Sfranko60 Ray you of all people should know what playing your personal life out on Twitter means.
 -> Not ALL people
LizSteele3: I'm going to have to carry a bug repellent on me at all times when I'm in Virginia
 -> Not ALL times
Jesus_zzDreamer: Prov 28:5: Evil men understand not judgment: but they that seek the LORD understand all things. ✞
 -> Not ALL things
idalisrodrigue2: RT @chanelpuke: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/EhLTzvz06n
 -> Not ALL heroes
JackieCMartin_: RT @arcticanwxar: let's be honest here. all American cities suck compared to London.
 -> Not ALL cities
Girls with big butts face all types of problems 😂😂😭 Check it out here!!! 👉👉 http://t.co/Q0CPfrPJSq 👈👈 😉
 -> Not ALL types
LyleKossis: @MikeDarnay @MattGajtka damn that all looks incredible. Thanks Mike
 -> Not ALL looks
igabiiiA: RT @lenammelo: @igabiiiA lol yeah, for sure 🏄I need COASTers for all my dranks #turndownforwhat
 -> Not ALL dranks
LullyGuhl: Catching up on #OrphanBlack before bed. I hope all my dreams are full of clones! 😴👭👭👭👭
 -> Not ALL dreams
Ky_Yo_: And my first job is probably gonna be the worst of all my jobs
 -> Not ALL jobs
jillianbakerr: so proud of all my dancers and how amazing they did in their recitals. being a dance teacher is such a rewarding job
 -> Not ALL dancers
fqg987dbc: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
King_Nook_: the best feeling is havin a girl that you kno is all yours 👌🔑
 -> Not ALL yours
LouRoyal: RT @brxttvnx: I really just want all my friends to be happy, hate to see them upset... especially when it's over a nigga that's not even wo…
 -> Not ALL friends
GodsLastSon_: @DONO704 exactly all my sneakers collect dust
 -> Not ALL sneakers
canibalcage: Need beats!?? Check out http://t.co/uFpYPFImx4 first song master free for all artists
 -> Not ALL artists
RyanCoblentz: RT @chloeonvine: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/OFOSGEdKlY
 -> Not ALL heroes
Imangkey: RT @BobOngQuotes: Faith makes all things possible. Love makes all things easy.
 -> Not ALL things
PeterToupin: RT @fullofbalogna: Why all democrats should boast about being liberal. http://t.co/rrSMaF0MK9
 -> Not ALL democrats
MDOT_MetroDet: Traffic incident on Northbound I-75 at Davison involving 1 vehicle affecting all lanes. The road is closed.
 -> Not ALL lanes
Breesoooo: RT @dat_yellaMufcka: how y'all all friends but talk about each other 😆
 -> Not ALL friends
Girls with big butts face all types of problems 😂😂😭 Check it out here!!! 👉👉 http://t.co/Q0CPfrPJSq 👈👈 😉
 -> Not ALL types
Daddy_Dom16: @haleybailey48 hey . I'm an incoming junior 😂 were not all stupid asses 😂
 -> Not ALL asses
jiwanus: @ochocinco You need to get in touch with @kick1972, who will help you get your finger on the pulse of all things Montreal.
 -> Not ALL things
sorrymrzjackson: RT @justcallme_COLE: At the end of the day all my relationships were lessons...to not fuck with these niggas cause they ain't bout it 😂😂😂
 -> Not ALL relationships
JessMasonSU2: Passin all my tests, you get a 🅰➕
 -> Not ALL tests
Carlos_La_Luz: @JaffarHAbidi I try to avoid that shit at all costs. Especially VS
 -> Not ALL costs
loghanita: RT @cumpleted: we're all savages
 -> Not ALL savages
katemckinsey: I pray this all works out.
 -> Not ALL works
CKeenan08: http://t.co/p7kbve63tB I support the troops quitting the military. I support all human beings.
 -> Not ALL beings
frandpatootie: I wish you could read all my tweets from the start 😘😊 @TheRealGrimmie
 -> Not ALL tweets
21seriouslahskt: RT @AdmireMyQuote: all augustus waters was is a genuinely nice guy who loved his girlfriend &amp; if that standard is impossibly high for guys …
 -> Not ALL augustus
HannahArielleXO: RT @_omgitsjanel: If we text and you spell come like "kum" or "cum" I will cut off all ties with you.
 -> Not ALL ties
noodia_: In my defense it's too hot to move in my apartment because all my limbs are just glued together so imma just sit here in front of the fan
 -> Not ALL limbs
sarahlanki: RT @DMRegister: ICYMI: Another @MmmJethros is opening in the metro. This one will feature all things #bacon http://t.co/MkzbBuqw6O
 -> Not ALL things
jojobug16: "I just want someone who won’t get annoyed when I text them six times or in all caps. Someone I can go… http://t.co/RG1RgUhc3D
 -> Not ALL caps
qfzam: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
nezlaflare: Thursday has to be a turn up day all my friends are gonna be here
 -> Not ALL friends
dwwillzz: RT @chanelpuke: Not all heroes wear capes http://t.co/EhLTzvz06n
 -> Not ALL heroes
iyana_martelle: I just wanna get drunk and forget all my worries.
 -> Not ALL worries
vero_lovespeeta: RT @fourtris_64: I think one of the most famous lines from all movies ever is "your a wizard harry"
 -> Not ALL movies
magnusrocks: RT @AdamAddict: Aw, so Adam, Tommy, and Sauli are all brothers ♥ RT @CovenDante2  @IDontNeedAMap82 #BrothersForLife http://t.co/oE9b3HxR5S
 -> Not ALL brothers
Girls with big butts face all types of problems 😂😂😭 Check it out here!!! 👉👉 http://t.co/Q0CPfrPJSq 👈👈 😉
 -> Not ALL types
Partytoohardd: I'll stop shitting on all men the second some men try to prove to me that not all men shit on women. ✊
 -> Not ALL men
__MoneyTeam__: $4 Grey Goose. No tip out til 11 for all dancers and entertainers. Doors open at 9. http://t.co/J4d1Vkh3OY
 -> Not ALL dancers
sarakline95: We are all muggles #notblessed
 -> Not ALL muggles
kenneth_sebourn: Out of all people I thought you would know what Nyctophilian meant be smart and all.
 -> Not ALL people
moegarmyani: RT @vandentoorn: Iraqi friends in Baghdad emphasize massive game of rumors and lies by Iraq state TV &amp; ISIS, all media outlets, "cant trust…
 -> Not ALL media
taylorvanhooren: getting all my earrings in the right holes is a serious challenge 😒
 -> Not ALL earrings
charnaaa_: RT @OfficialTezz: Not all black girls are ghetto😒
 -> Not ALL girls
ComicMeme: Creative n Cool Packing Designs... - see all pictures: (see comments for details) http://t.co/vjd7PohBXI
 -> Not ALL pictures
MrKlapton: 25% OFF all tees &amp; tanks! Use Code: GRAD | Sale for all our 2014 Grads out there! | http://t.co/Eo2eisXlpk http://t.co/Bpa2kDvIvX
 -> Not ALL tees
kohairhc: RT @Kokaneofficial: Ceo jerry b long want to give a bigg S/O to all my folks that help push my #KOKANE brand...that goes for my fam, my tea…
 -> Not ALL folks
TfrankWhite: shout out to all my new followers i love yall
 -> Not ALL followers
april_rene_m: My nieces and nephews are all such cuties!! Can't believe the youngest of the crew turned 1 today!!… http://t.co/GegBn1nOq8
 -> Not ALL cuties
NathaliaV11: RT @JacobGauthe: I wish all of you would rt and fav all my tweets 💙
 -> Not ALL tweets
